three-two-one Tony motherfucking hinge
cliff yeah see buddy good to see you
every time comics come here that I
usually spend multiple nights a week
with like so nice to be semi normal
again yes for fucking short the
restrictions are supposed to be lifting
up here in Los Angeles on Friday which
means nothing for us for comedians it
means something for like some retail
some other stuff but they're doing it
nice and slow and do you see the list of
shit that the governor's office put out
of stuff you're allowed to do mmm you
should pull that up Jamie because it is
it's quite hilarious first of all it's
it's kind of condescending it's like
it's like treating you like you're a
moron like here's things you're allowed
to do one of them they thought that was
hilarious it said soft martial arts yeah
it did said Taichi
this soft martial arts no like why can't
you do why can't you shadowbox can you
do that or it's only okay if you do
things that don't work like you're
saying martial martial art or that's an
art of war right entities it is a it's
much more of a meditation than it is an
art of war I think this is it's very
beneficial but like look at it says
athletics number one what does that mean
badminton singles singles throwing a
ball a baseball softball stop here's the
problem with that yeah if you're
throwing a baseball you're basically
shaking hands yeah and you're doing it
with an organic skin right baseball the
outside of it is cow skin your throw
ball by yourself but that's not what
they're saying right that's a sad in the
park BMX biking okay thank you
you're allowed to canoe singles like it
specifies let's singles are they talking
about crabbing like crab walk no luck
catching crabs you google crab fishing
know what I mean Oh oh yeah in
California not here but in Northern
California it's a big deal yeah I've
done it before you catch blue crabs I
think
they are I think they're blue might what
species they are but you catch them off
the piers like over there there's a lot
of areas around San Francisco where
people catch crabs um it's really big in
like like Maryland and you know like
those guys love crabbing Oh in Alaska
too they do a lot of credit was the
thing it was just a California list
that's why I was like I didn't they must
have them in the oceans right here
gardening mining groups oh you can
explore rock pools thank you
oh wow where can we do that huh Malibu
but you can't get to the beach it's
closed
cycling golf singles walking no cart
Tony oh my gosh you can't have a cart
why can't have a cart what if it's my
cart
I can't take the cart what's electric it
doesn't even hurt the environment like
what is uh what can I take the cart or
why can't they clean it why is that
logic to that let's stop a bit if it's
your cart is there a logic to that and
how is it any different than the cart at
the supermarket like that motherfucker's
getting passed around like a cheap hoe
because they have to have people clean
it and whatnot and they don't want to
have to have staff on whatever they've
opened up right but if you have it at
the supermarket no I know but uh well
you know it's like it's real squirrely
it's like the places we absolutely have
to go they're allowed to help yeah and
even the shopping cart I was shopping
the other day and I opened up the the
kitty part you know to put other stuff
in and I'm like they didn't there's no
way they wiped that part well there's
just no way if it was on here I got it
after a while I'm sure the people that
work in those places the kids especially
like 18 year olds they're gonna slack
off like no one's dead they don't see it
you know they're not going to the
hospital
hold on don't scroll down yet there's a
lot more we missed go back up so yeah so
we were at no cart golf hiking trails
paths allowing distancing how is it okay
when you're running because if you're
running past people that are walking
this is gonna come in time well you're
right there is that all right I don't
know this is all very bizarre well it's
all it really is like we're dealing with
mo
multiple different diseases two trails
open I thought they were still closed
are they opening those up
I think they opened them up again we'll
find that out next oh you can kiteboard
okay Oh meditations loud to meditate
fuck man outdoor photography oh I didn't
know I thought that if I was hiking I
couldn't take pictures of what I was
hiking with thank you thank you for
allowing me to do outdoor photography
picnics with your stay-at-home household
members only can't meet up with other
people that aren't sick I had quad
biking rock climbing rollerskating
rollerblading it's weird it's cause like
we're we're asking people to be extra
super responsible with this right but we
we don't ask the same thing about car
accidents look at stop go back soft
martial arts look at that Tai Chi Chi
cung what's Chi kung well I know what
Qigong is it's like a type of like a
breathing exercise a pretty sure and you
know what Tai Chi is it's almost like a
series of rhythmic movements but I
calling that a soft martial art it's
such a weird definition and not in
groups it says six so specific like if a
person wants to go outside and they have
a shadow boxing routine they do and they
like to practice Muay Thai well I can't
think I'll practice my Thai they can't
just go outside like imagine like you're
pent up in your apartment and you can go
on the beach and just like spark up a
little and just throw some combinations
Under the Sun and the sand you can't do
that is that threatening to people like
but you're allowed to do all this jazz
that's not even a martial art let's just
be honest it's great people that do it
they find it very therapeutic and it's
good for the body you know you're doing
these slow poses so it gives you you
know you're exercising control over your
body it's not really a martial art not
it's it's weird it's like you wouldn't
fight with it so what is it you know I'm
saying like you're not gonna fight with
Tai Chi I've never heard the terminology
before is there such thing as soft and
hard martial arts yeah I guess you could
yeah you could kind of define it like
that people would some people would say
that Tai Chi is a soft martial art they
would I guess they cook wood
but it just doesn't make sense to me
it's not a martial art it's a martial
art is something that you would use in a
fight if you are trying to have a thing
with there's rules to martial arts oh so
you could say like well how come boxing
is just boxing how come they're not
allowed to kick you or take you down
like is that a full martial art like
would what is the martial art martial
arts like doing the best shit to do when
you're in war with a person hand hand
combat but for so long we didn't know
what the best shit was so they branched
off into all these different groups so
there's people that only concentrated on
judo and they were convinced it is the
best thing you could do I remember I was
really foolish when I was doing
Taekwondo and I worked out with my
friend Walter he's to teach at this
university and he was a bad motherfucker
and I used to go down and train with him
and there was this guy this was this
judo guy who was there and he were
practicing judo this guy was a gorilla
he probably got a broke me in half and
stuffed me up his ass I mean he was a
big guy but I thought god that's so
useless this is what I thought right I
was like why would you want to do that
when you get to learn how to punch and
kick why would you want to learn how to
do that did you do yes one year in high
school yeah man
until I started doing jujitsu like I
didn't realize how vulnerable I really
was yeah like I was I was I hadn't done
real martial arts in a long time because
I had a knee surgery and it took me a
long time to recover like more than a
year I had fucked my knee up and I
didn't get it fixed for like six months
and then I got it fixed it took like a
year to rehab so for like a year and a
half plus I wasn't doing any martial
arts and then I started doing a little
bit of kickboxing when I came to LA I
went to this legendary place in Van Nuys
it's one of the things that I wanted to
go to other than going to the comedy
store I wanted to go to Benny the Jets
Jets enter the Jets enter in van nuys
Benny or kita is like a legendary
kickboxer from LA and him and his I
believe blinky Rodriguez is his
brother-in-law but he was another beast
he's a guy who knocked out one of the
greatest kick boxers of all time
jean-yves Terry only knocked him out
with a left hook I mean so this was a
gym a legendary gym and I came here and
right when I came here I started going
and they had earthquake damage so when
it rained there the place got fucked up
like really fucked up and they had to
close down and then he moved to a place
in North Hollywood for a while but it
just wasn't it wasn't the same once that
legendary gym was gone but that was
those were one of the like the number
one places that I wanted to come to when
I came to LA yeah is that anyone anyone
ever claimed Tai Chi or Chi Kong as any
of their UFC skill set yeah they they
make stuff up for fun look like the
greatest fighter of all time John Jones
what's the style says look see do that's
his style literally go look up what Jon
Jones fights under his style he rides
look see do you wanna pop talk about a
dude thanking for himself yeah this
guy's like looking listen fuck I know
what I knew I know what I know I know
what I can do I'm just gonna call it
look see do I look at people see think I
look at people do something I see it and
I do it for one of the first fights
everything you have see the guy tries to
throw this wild spinning elbow just out
of nowhere fights Shogun for the title
opens up with a flying knee just wild
opens up on a legend Shogun was a legend
UFC light heavyweight champion the guy
was knocked out Chuck Liddell but was
fuckin killing people in Pride I mean
when we were coming up Mauricio Shogun
who was a legend john-john's fights him
wins the title the youngest guy ever to
win a title in UFC with a flying knee
that's what he opens up with just wild
man just wild but anyway my point was I
didn't realize how vulnerable I was
until I first started doing jiu-jitsu
when your arresting would have been the
same wrestling like anybody who's like a
real grappler look you can get really
delusional about how much you can keep a
person off you yeah without anyone's a
real grappling a real Division one
wrestler what's frightening is how and
then once you realize how hard it is but
then there's then you see the people who
make it look so damn easy yeah there
were these wrestlers I think they were
called the Hurley twins or something
from another school and these guys were
really really high
we were in high school but they were
high level freestyle wrestlers like they
would go to the Nationals every year and
they would like it appeared as though
they would dangle guys by an angle and
just keep getting points then he would
they would release and just they would
make it look like it was nothing the
other guys wrestling for his life and
they would just seamlessly grab their
ankle and push them back in the person
there's an underappreciated skill level
would like to real elite of the elite
you know it really is under P if you
watched Jordan burrows Russell yeah you
know who's currently right now today
widely considered to be the best
wrestler in the world or one of them I
mean there's a bunch of like a really
insanely good wrestlers out there and
have a bunch of pairs of his shoes he
said the lead of the elite when you
watch him how good he is and how well he
moves through these takedowns and
transitions and chains takedown attacks
together and the the power and the drive
and the just the fucking explosiveness
all of it together the insane desire to
compete and win you know you don't even
know what that's like that kind of
manhandled Ben Askren who man handles
most people yep and they all know what
he's gonna do they all know what to
defend that he's going to shoot low on a
double leg takedown there's nothing they
can do so good
I mean astron was quite a bit past his
his wrestling prime I think there's I
don't think you can be elite at both I
think you know most of these elite
wrestlers who are really really good
wrestlers once they get into the UFC and
they realize how much striking they have
to do how much submission they have to
do I think most of them would admit that
they were they're probably not getting
the same kind of focus on pure wrestling
that allows them to stay at their
highest level so they might dip a little
bit in their wrestling ability to pick
up some skill and striking so find dance
they do man yeah you know such a fine
dance and to put it all together it's
why look see dudes are such a great name
for a style yeah cuz he's not doing one
thing yes very good wrestler
yes very good striker yes very good
submission artist excellent at all those
things but he just throws them all
together with whatever's there what's
open what's open how about I'll never
try to take you to ground I just kick
the fuck out of your legs I just get
close to you beat you up in knees and
elbows
it's such a so when you say like when
someone says martial art like it's not a
martial art it's a style of fighting
it's like a game you're playing you know
if you're if you're playing boxing
you're playing boxing it's it is
definitely a fight but it's it is a
martial art but it's not a complete one
like now that we know like all those
little schools like the judo people and
the Taekwondo people that were all like
real biased about their own style like I
definitely was now you know this is one
style it's mixed martial arts it's it's
that look see do thing that John Jones
does he does everything he's kicking you
he's punching he was trying to take you
down smashed him on the ground strangles
you if he can like however I can beat
you that's what I try to do which is
real martial arts that's a real martial
art like as close as you can get without
eye gouging and going for the nuts
because we all agree that's just too
much yeah even though like if the
teacher used self-defense as the only
time they step up with the eye gouge and
the nut shots but those are like the
most effective moves I Gong and nut
shots are the most effective moves we
just collectively decide that they're
too destructive yeah it's weird seeing
actual street fight videos I saw one
where the guy actual fight video where
the guy does grab the other guy's nuts
it's like they're like in the army or
something oh Jesus he's begging please
like it's actually really fun oh my god
please please God no I'm please oh my
god someone can crush your nuts and
right away your manhood yeah oh my god
I've heard of dudes getting their nuts
exploded nuts exploded from a kick one
one guy who was sparring just like I
think they said it was like his last
round of sparring is that I fucking know
need a cup just go like boom takes a
shot two nuts one of his balls explodes
oh no remove it oh yeah dude you you
just imagine the force of someone
hitting you with a kick like imagine the
force of someone who's like tyron
woodley who's an excellent leg kicker
he's got vicious power and his leg kicks
the force of that hitting your nuts
your nuts are not design you need a cop
man yeah nuts are not designed to
survive that with no help
that's crazy that's why they gave us two
just in case just in case because
there's no kick that could blast there
to it wow there's a lot of kicks it'll
bust you to nuts
Wow Pedro his oh if he if you kicked
your nuts you would have no nuts they'd
be all smashed up like gravy
guy kicked so hard I was looking at a
hard and soft martial arts judo like
that's judo the Jew of judo and jujitsu
is soft so it's like not that's silly
walking with a block like walking an
attack with a bow I see I see like a
redirection accepting it yeah well then
you can't I don't know maybe I'm looking
at the word soft incorrectly South
martial arts just has a picture of CM
Punk next to it oh you would never call
judo a soft martial art though in in I
mean maybe it's technically that but I
mean amongst the circles that I travel
in when you're talking to and I'm not a
judo expert obviously but I'm not a I
know a lot of people that are I've
talked to a lot of judo experts I bet
they wouldn't think it's soft martial
art I would agree with you know guys are
brutal brutal there's some of the most
is look if you watch like world-class
judo like there's some great footage of
Hector Lombard Hector Lombard when he
was doing judo was a motherfucker I mean
it's just smashing people he's so
fucking strong when you watch like
really good judo with really good
technique this is nothing soft about
that man
that is wild shit man basically the art
of throwing people it's art of throwing
people on your fucking head and grabbing
you by your clothes and you're both
gravity to the vertical and when you get
to a super elite level when you watch
those Olympians go at it man man it's
wild it's so hard it's so fucking hard I
mean super brilliant and technical and
it's very strategic and there's all
these transitions and it's very
technical in terms of like being able to
execute a high-level throw on someone
who's also an expert in high-level
throws it's amazing but
also very hard like their strong shit
it's not you know like I've only rolled
with a few like really good judo guys
ever and it's like rolling with a
chimpanzee they're too strong yeah it's
like wrestlers judo guys you guys are
too fucking strong we were still killing
over this list that's how good this
marijuana is I forgot what are we
talking about oh you can go tree
climbing go try to climb a tree fuck I
did I did the other day I think I
climbed a tree hey I'm excited good news
you can wash your car the government
thinks it's okay for you to wash your
car oh you can walk the dog yeah I
didn't know I could walk the dog I just
been letting shit in my mouth for two
months you can watch the sunrise or the
sunset Wow both of them yeah we're so
lucky you could do yoga my goodness just
let us be responsible silly list just
you know that list silly
she's just first of all that's a first
draft edit take out sunrise and sunset
that's a big duh you know take out a lot
of the take out all the does he you like
writing lists anybody writes a list like
that yeah
Sweden's looking at that list and
laughing all the way to the bank
literally answer me this how come you
can play badminton like when you play in
Badman sometimes like right up on each
other aren't you not that far away you
can get close I think no you don't do
you spike it but it did say volleyball
volleyball it has to be singles that's
b1 I think they said singles don't know
how you can play a single volleyball
here's the thing you're still touching
this ball so it's like touching
someone's hands it's the same thing if
you have this and it's on the ball it's
gonna get on the ball when the person
catches the ball it's gonna get on their
hands they're gonna touch their eyes and
they're going to throw the ball again
and you're gonna do this for hours
you're gonna get each other's cooties
you might as well just make out for sure
you place well just less their sweat
yeah your sweat your breathing hard you
definitely get close to each other when
you get real close to the if you're like
I've seen dudes kiss they jumped up and
has the real that's one of the main
moves in volleyball they give each other
kiss yeah and they try to swap that ball
down I mean they might as well be
kissing that's how you start the game in
West Hollywood there would be a great
way to fuck with your opponent yeah as
he's reaching up to get that ball you
give him a smoocher right on the lips
and like in a movie
guys peak up together imagine if that's
all it took to turn you gay if there was
a move but imagine a guy could make you
gay if those the thing you know where
does they can get knocked out yeah
getting knocked out is crazy the idea
that you just gets smacked on the face
and you go unconscious and everything
just shuts off that would be hilarious
imagine if there was like a button that
you had like if someone touched a button
like right right on your taint it's like
a reset button a electrical outlet the
circuit booth you can it push it back in
[Laughter]
but that volleyball scene isn't there a
thing where Quentin Tarantino breaks
down how gay this movie is speaking of
times like a video of it he's gonna make
a movie in space of course he's gonna
make a movie in space he's Tom fucking
Cruise yeah this is a if I was into gay
men this would be awesome right if
you're a gay guy and you're like damn
look at these guys this is a movie for
you if you look at it that way well also
they slide into the sand and then
miraculously right after they slide into
the sand they are clean and shiny with
glistening sweat and no sand on them but
watch they hit the sand all the time but
there's no sand on them instead they're
perfectly glistening it's magic sand
this is a weird yeah I don't think I've
ever really watched Top Gun the whole
way through
hold on back that up why is Tom Cruise
walk like that back that up
backed it up watch this walk here we go
that's very odd that's an odd walk maybe
hurt himself out there Pauli ball injury
well he does all his own stunts too like
motorcycle stunts he's probably hurt all
the time he jumped out of it I watched
the video they have video of him being
videoed while jumping out of that plane
and mission impossible yeah what not
that what is that nuts the video of him
hanging on the plane what is he doing
there is he attached by a latch or
something
have you seen that shit like there's a
video of him and supposedly it's actual
video of him hanging from the side of
the plane this he's he doesn't get
enough credit for this he's a goddamn
maniac this look he's given them the
thumbs-up and so this fucking plane
takes off dude and he's actually hanging
off the edge of this look at this watch
he lets his legs go and everything this
is nuts man look at this it's the raw
footage from the camera this is insane
so he's really letting this plane take
him in the air and he's hanging on from
the power of l ron Hubbard look at this
now there it is you can see it what what
do you see there's a there's a thing
right there you see that rope the Rope
is connecting him yeah yeah but still
though yeah that's nuts
I'm not saying this is the only thing
keeping him up there I'm saying what the
fuck man what the fuck man he strapped
to the side of a plane and he's Tom
Cruise he's like a huge movie star like
what kind of insurance policy was
involved in this scene broke his ankle
they stopped for like six weeks okay bro
if I was a director I'd say look we're
gonna shoot this scene last I would
write in fake endings to the movie where
Tom Cruise's character dies and then his
sister comes in I would have Scarlett
Johansson on standby ready to come
avenge Tom Cruise because we see him fly
off the back of that plane and that
would be a real controversy thing like
should we actually show him falling off
the plane to his death and they'd be
like look Tom would want us to and so
they leave it in there and we all get to
watch like a Tom
snuff film above that we would love that
people loved that the thing is people
would what I would watch it I don't want
it to happen but I would if I knew there
was a video of Tom Cruise dying because
he fell off the side of a plane how did
you not watch that right yeah how do you
not watch that I mean look look at look
at my wedding Heath Ledger died
basically from playing the Joker that
whole time he's on the pills and
everything he can't sleep we all what
with everybody went and watched that is
that why he died you think like he got
addicted to pills because the Joker well
no he just wasn't sleeping he wasn't
taking care of himself through the
entire filming of that movie oh they
didn't even finish it right I don't
think so I think he died right at the
end of filming oh not positive on that
yeah I think you're right I feel like he
died during the process right yeah that
was a bummer man that guy can act as a
Soph
you got to assume no I always do when
someone's that good at something they're
probably just just really chaotic you
know mentally chaotic and some of those
people just need to calm that fucking
demon down yeah different maybe they
just finished oh ok so he did so he was
done and he was on to the next thing
like John Belushi right here's another
one
you see that guy like he was he was so
ferocious in some of his characters you
know he was so wild like they must have
been demons demons I'll name another one
right now Philip Seymour Hoffman Oh oh
my god I really watched one I hadn't
seen with him nuts man don't have idea
he did one with the guy that made there
will be blood that director I can't
remember the name of it he's in those
Hunger Games right yeah but he's good at
those yeah I know those movies are silly
philip Seymour Hoffman's freak he was
really good yeah yeah yeah I mean he's
got an impressive list if you look at
the movies that he's done you go over it
you go oh wow forgot about that one I
forgot about that one yeah and he makes
even the ones that look like they'd be
lame I went down this was when the
quarantine started this is one of the
big rabbit holes I went down was a
Philip Seymour Hoffman
and even the movies that look like they
wouldn't be great or great there's a few
actors that really I think read the
scripts that they're offered and have a
real take on them but then they make
everything good that ben mendelsohn guy
i don't know if you've ever saw blood
line but he's another one of those is he
that guy that was in 30 days of nights
there's a guy who's in 30 days of nights
which is a really fun vampire movie
while you're quarantined good fuck have
you seen it now now he's the guy from
The Outsider oh caught from the outsider
show me guys amazing but what you can
look up anything he's done it's
unbelievable - yeah he was in ready
player one he was the bad guy remember
he was great in fact he's an
unbelievable bad guy so he's so good as
the cop in the outsider the outsider is
really fun I really enjoyed that I hope
they make a part two of that that was
creepy as fuck and that woman who played
the savant she played the sort of
autistic savant that guy that lady was
amazing she was so good
like that whole cast the guy who is her
boyfriend in that who was also from
house of cards that guy's amazing
so that was a great little fun
supernatural series
yeah for sure I bet yeah a lady who
played the autistic one like I wonder
what she's like in real life because
she's so good
completely different I actually found
this out because I was her name was find
out if she played works and like she's
amazing she played it perfect like
that's a weird read to play a super
genius who's on the spectrum you know
that's a weird read but she like but
also relatable and really likeable she
isn't just figured out the perfect for
perfect frequency you know some people
can play a psycho and you're like god
damn but seem psycho like the old lady
on ozark the old lady who grows the hair
oh and my
shit is she good holy shit is that lady
good who was that lady humble she's
amazing she's careful fuck out of me she
scares the fuck out of me Cynthia so
Cynthia
areevo is the woman who plays the
autistic lady on the outsider who is the
lady now that plays the heroine lady and
Ozark lady is scary man she's fucking
terrified she's for sure the most
terrifying person in a show filled with
terrifying people she scares me more
than the Navarro guy does yeah oh she's
very dude she killed her own husband I
know but she's so believable that lady
who's the actress is fucking brilliant
what is her name just go to cast that
scene with uh when she started banging
the kid reminded me of remember the
scene in kingpin where yes to have sex
with the neighbor
she plays Darlene that's her name right
isn't it darling
right yes that's the leader
lady Lisa Emory dude she's incredible
she's so scary she's so scary on that
show and the other woman of the lawyer
woman she scares the fuck out of me too
Helen
goddamn it who's that lady that lady's
amazing as well she's terrifying okay
the bet they steal the show that's one
of the interesting things about Ozark is
you want to talk about a show that's
like an equal-opportunity show it's a
terrifying show and the two scariest
characters are women yeah it's a great
show my favorites and it's funny because
you know it's written and directed by
Jason Bateman and when I first visited
California the first time I was I just
graduated high school and I was out here
visiting my brother and we got lost we
were in this SUV and we got lost going
around the Hollywood Hills and at one
point my breath
stops to ask for directions somehow we
got lot like it's like looking back on
it's like you just go down the hill
right but we didn't know what side we
were on anyway he stops to ask this guy
that's walking on the side of the street
who's clearly on the cell phone which
way to get back down he's like excuse me
sir excuse me and this guy turns around
and it was Jason Bateman and Jason
Bateman's on his phone and he looks back
at my brother and he goes like he's
looking at my brother like can't you see
like he didn't say a word but he looks
at his phone I can't you see I'm like
what are you he and but he didn't say
anything he just looked at his phone and
looked at us like that and and kept
walking went back on his phone call so
after that I'm like you know what screw
that jason bateman yeah I feel like I
was never I didn't really find none of
the that one sitcom he was on never
really connected with me or whatever and
so I always thought I was anti Jason
Bateman and then here we are so much
later almost 20 years later and I
realized that day that we were the
assholes stopping of course we saw that
he was on the phone
in retrospect if anybody did that to me
or anyone I know we would do the same
can't you see I'm on oh you gotta pull
up this video from Sebastian's Instagram
he's walking and these people are
walking up the hill behind him with
water bottles on their heads it is the
most Sebastian thing you'll ever see in
your life it's brilliant
this is like if someone's want to say
like hey that's Sebastian he's really
funny right what's his comedy like so
watch this video it is what give me some
volume give me some volume
[Laughter]
that is so sad laughing while he's
saying it it's a hundred percent his
personality you bother me he kills me
harder than almost anybody in the world
very funny in a very unique way he's
very funny in his own way like he's like
Pheo in a lot of ways like if someone
said like how do you describe Theo's
comment like he's Theo von he's just got
he knows how to be Theo von and it's
amazing and Sebastian it's real similar
in that way it knows how to be Sebastian
he's got that he just is himself and it
just it works you couldn't write it down
on paper so weird one of the weirder
things about comedy yeah like some of
those people that are like that Harlan
Williams - tell me what that is explain
that to me how you can't explain it you
just got to see it and then you'll be
laughing hey there butter nuts flapjacks
peachy pie like what the fuck like I get
nervous around Sebastian he's one of the
only people I'm more comfortable around
Chapelle than I am around Sebastian like
it's literally there's just something
about his entire aura like I'm always
afraid I'm gonna say something or do
something stupid or trip yeah you
worried about that the communication
what yeah what he's so fucking funny to
me okay I think I'm such a nice guy to
like just such a sweetheart of a guy
always has been always been a nice guy
that was hustled that Italian like those
Italian stories and delivery take me hit
me it's like a it's like I almost feel
like I'm related to him and he's just
this funny guy I tell you what happened
with his cousin dude so somebody tells
me hey I heard Sebastian's house got
robbed and I'm like what so I text him
and he said no it's actually my cousin
has the exact same name as me and two
guys broke into his house and he fought
one of them on a security camera then
went inside and shot the other one
killed the guy
yeah the guy being the guy pulled a gun
on him in his fucking house and so he um
the guy who he beat up gets charged for
murder Wow because when you commit a
crime and it causes someone to die you
get charged for for the for the actual
death in that crazy cousin of comic
Sebastian Maniscalco and there's video
these guys breaking into his door it's
really crazy like you can see the video
of he comes storming out with the guy
and he's fighting with this home invader
guy and meanwhile there's another guy
inside his house with his family
so here he is he's fighting with this
guy he's got no shoes on right so we
tell you there's no shoes on right he's
just beating the fuck out of this guy
and apparently he practices martial arts
he's a big looks he do practitioner yeah
it's not that so he goes inside that he
beats the fuck out of that guy that guy
runs off he goes inside and then he
kills a guy I believe he took the guy's
gun from him and shot him I think that's
what happened
I'm not sure though so I believe
somebody told me that well how did the
guy die see if we could find it did they
think that it was Sebastian Maniscalco
well somebody did that's why they
contacted me and said hey Sebastian's
house got broken into I was like what so
I called him I texted him the whole
thing it's really crazy though okay
he followed the wife and the two
children up to the second-floor bedroom
with his gun drawn prosecutor said the
the general the the bad guy brought bro
dax broke through the bedroom door
pushed the children onto the bed and
pointed the gun at man I saw Kyle's wife
as she begged him not to shoot
prosecutor said after monocycle chased
off the first guy Fernan he retrieved
his own gun and fatally shot broad sax
in the abdomen Wow Jesus Christ so the
guy had a gun pointed at its family he
used his own gun oh yeah it's in
Illinois so that's where he's originally
from
they must have thought it was actually
Sebastian Maniscalco the comedian the
other guy's been captured and faces
murder charges under an Illinois statute
that allows for such crimes to be
leveled against suspects if they take
part in a felony offense that leads to
another person's death man crazy fuck
man you know that's why people have guns
you know nobody wants to hear that story
you don't wanna hear that story cuz that
story's a pro-gun story you know it's
anti-gun because someone tried to rob
the guy's house with gun but it's
pro-gun in if he didn't have a gun what
would have happened you saw that yeah
its anti-gun cuz someone used a gun in
the robbery yeah it's pro if he didn't
have a gun maybe his family would be
dead do you see you have to go see both
sides so because the gun control
argument is such a weird one people like
they dig heels in left people dig on
this side they have like a set of
beliefs that you're allowed to have and
then the people on the right dig on
another side you know the Second
Amendment is right it's not privilege
you know we own this and this is in the
media definitely doesn't cover it when
it goes right no well the guns they
didn't hear because it's Sebastian's
cousin right but it's not like if it
went the other way you know if some
people got shot to death inside their
home it would be an anti-gun argument
you know I'm saying which is interesting
because if you have a gun like he did
the people broke into his house and he
was able to protect his family that's
the best-case scenario for gun ownership
well the best case scenario is never
having to use it and the next best is
being able to use it to protect your
family because that's what it's there
for
so it's actually a pro gun story it's a
it's an anti gun it would it would be an
anti gun story if he didn't have a gun
that's what's crazy if he didn't have a
gun and the guy shot his family it would
be an anti gun story but because he had
a gun it's a pro gun story not
interesting yeah just saw the one with
the church where the guy went in for
like a mass shooting and the guy
standing against the back wall the
church had a gun too and just got him
right away yeah yeah an armed trained
man with a gun I know a guy in Vegas he
got carjacked recently
and he's a mean he's he's like a
competitive shooter I mean he his videos
of him practicing shooting with pistols
of marksmen incredible fast draw and he
killed this guy the gunfight like that's
a pro gun story guy pulled a gun on him
and he could have lost his life instead
he survived because he had a gun it's
it's one of those things guns are like
one of those things like being a person
it's being a person's weird it's all
sorts it's not clear
we're not numbers right there's a lot at
all it fluctuates what we are the way we
live fluctuates right now things are
weird almost all of our decisions that
we have to make about everything I like
well if we just open up the country
we're gonna lose a lot of people you
know we should maybe hold it back and
then the other argument if we don't open
up the country we're gonna lose a lot of
people so what are we gonna do we're
gonna let the people die because despair
and homelessness and and suicide drug
addiction because they've lost
everything there's gonna be those two
like it's like everything else man like
all all things involving people there's
a lot of stuff like this that people
want to have like a definitive answer
like you know is are we waiting too long
to open up there is Florida jumping in
too quick who's right who's wrong
we don't fucking know yeah these are
educated guesses but it's just one of
those things like being a person when
things get started up again and no one
knows what the future is gonna be
there's just a lot of predicting we're
not right all the time it's just
especially scary cuz the news is so
picky and choosey and weird about how
they're covering things they out they it
seems like it's almost all bad news now
on the cable news programs yeah and well
that's where they get the most money
it's like they're being rewarded for it
but I mean I understand from their
perspective is that they only have an
hour and there's a lot of fuckin bad
news you know when you're getting all
the bad news from 7 billion people plus
around the world it's got a lot of it's
gonna suck you only have an hour
things are happening 24 hours a day the
news itself as like a show is really
preposterous yeah like
we're gonna condense it all into an hour
but isn't it the real stuff that's
happening how can it be condensed at all
and dude enough do you have to do that
anymore do you know like when if this
guy has this show and that guy is that
show and the show goes for an hour and
they're gonna cover these details and
show you what went wrong like there's so
many things that went wrong yeah if you
just want to concentrate up things that
went wrong you could do it 24 hours a
day and never run out of material be
kinda almost kind of is that the world
is it things that went wrong is that the
world or is the world like a lot of shit
that went right like when we were here
in the news all they really want to
discuss is the things that are gonna
freak you the fuck out there's not a
whole lot dedicated to making you feel
good about our prospects right there's
not a whole it's like it does control a
lot of how the the people who watch it
think about things because they're
really influential they're wearing
makeup there's a spotlight on them and
it says news and it has a ticker yeah
and yours and we're meant to believe
that we can trust them good lord
it's hard to trust anybody it's hard to
trust anybody when things are weird you
know you don't know who's telling the
truth like oh my god there's so many
different things that are going on all
at once right now right they try to
figure out the the disease came from a
lab you know did they accidentally
release this thing
China's mad at us and we're mad at China
and all these countries are gonna sue
China like there's so many things that
are bouncing around in sort of the
global consciousness do you have to pay
attention to her Kim jong-un was sick oh
my god he might die they flew in Chinese
doctors system I take over who and then
we gotta pay attention sister she looks
mean man yeah the sister looks mean like
that kind of stuff is that get if you if
you absorb what's in the media that kind
of stuff will literally change the way
you view the world and that will change
the way you act in the world and that
will literally make things suck it'll
make things suck more if you go out and
only concentrate on things that are
terrible another show that's up
those arcs for me now is succession and
that is about a very rich family that
owns their own cable news channel Oh God
and very very interesting to see from
that perspective not to say that it's
completely accurate but I mean they have
control if they want something promoted
or left out it's just that easy like you
said they're smashing it all into an
hour even though it keeps running but
like an hour program it's so easy just
to decide what you leave out does so
much or something or a story or a
product or a stock or anything that you
invest in or own yourself or anything
like that you know and yeah successions
a really great one for sort of it's
almost like a house of cards
esque view how they view how they let
you in the presidency they let you into
a cable news network
like they had that one with Jeff Daniels
the newsroom or whatever but I was sort
of janky oh yeah that was the one he
would go on these rants yeah they're
pretty good but a guy rants that well
all the time like hey bro you planned
this like what kind of human being do
you want to hear go on these perfectly
worded rants all the time you know it
was that weird like that was his thing
like that was his soft kung-fu his soft
martial art was these rants he would
bust him out like Tai Chi in the park
and you'd be like come on no one talks
like this you have conversations with
people you don't just go on these crazy
rants right yeah it's an interesting
they'll try that with a character one of
guys really good a trancelike you should
just do this all the time like every
movie with Al Pacino has to have some
kind of rats right no ways that's part
of who he is
yeah he's the guy that has a monologue
where everybody stand around going and
they'll start yelling at you using the
devil or whatever yeah it's gonna say
the devil's advocates the best one of
that because he literally it just gets
crazier and crazier which way it I wish
we could play
yeah he was a fucking wizard man who was
better in his prime than Al Pacino think
about Scarface
god damn yeah have you seen the Irishman
no I've got rebuff reviews but I loved
it man I was shocked because I had super
low expectations I actually put it on
thinking I was gonna like fall asleep or
something it was one of those where I'm
like I'm just gonna throw this on I
heard it was right oh and I was up the
whole time I was amp dude if you love
Martin Scorsese
you're going to love this movie it's
like Scorsese doing his you know it's
just great plus Sebastian's in it Al
Pacino destroys there's a Jeremy fields
brother look at this cast kills it he
looks so weird with that outfit on I
didn't even recognize him that's a weird
picture and he's in the dark I didn't
watch it I'll watch it I did hear some
fucked up reviews oh you know what I'm
glad I heard bad reviews before watching
this because it really lowered my
expectations and I spent the whole time
going this is some this is so great like
that was why they say was bad with the
saying was bad about it
I just heard bad isn't that funny how
easy you are to convince like I I really
didn't look into it I didn't ask my
friends right I was like Oh someone said
such a nice guy though Wow he's not too
silly at all in this movie plays a
fucking bad-ass which is so cool I love
a winged comedians have those
contrasting characters yeah well Jim
Carrey did that a lot right Jim Carrey
played some crazy characters yeah cable
well okay well guy was still pretty
funny it's still kind of funny but it
was real dark The Truman Show was a good
one that's a good one yeah yeah that was
a real good one that is everybody's life
now everybody with Instagram live that's
their life now you know that's a great
movie to re-watch and look at all the
little details where
little cameras are why they're showing
you things the truman shows a smart cool
movie I just found I was looking into
the guy that wrote it he wrote some cool
movies that we've talked almost
similarly about Gattaca like the topics
of the go wow that really cool movie for
never seen it called lord of war with
Nicolas Cage where he plays like our
arms dealer with yeah I think I saw that
yeah no shit
yeah Nicolas Cage is gonna play jokes on
it love it I they they need to speed
this up and just get it done
figure out a way please God please God
put these cameramen in hazmat suits and
film it I just want Joe exotic to be let
out of jail that's what I want
we need a season to come on Trump let's
go
pardon that dude I'm not buying it I
think they railroaded him for sure the
guy admits it that other uh that other
zoo owner guy admits it yeah yeah I said
they railroaded him right yeah it's all
it's all weird man like he's definitely
did a lot of stupid shit you know they
definitely terrorized that lady but it
seems like she might have killed her
husband too yeah that seems like that's
a possibility they need to open that
case wow it seems like it's the only
thing everybody on that show agrees on
once someone just disappears like that
is that really the picture tomorrow well
that's it Nicolas Cage from a long time
ago son he doesn't look that good right
yeah that's probably 15-20 years old
that's crazy he's gonna be perfect for
that role remember him in raising
Arizona
fucking great no good he was great in
that movie that is a great movie that's
a fun fucking movie
Raising Arizona was that what it's from
the Conair yeah the world of blockbuster
movies what a weird world that must be
being one of them guys I can't wait to
see that I wonder how they're gonna play
that or write that it's not gonna be as
good as the real thing right let him out
of jail yeah come on pedal get together
all your Netflix money yeah
hire a good lawyer let him out of jail
he was just impossible to stop watch he
feels bad and he won't do it again let
him out and let's let's see what kind of
straight guys he can convert the guy
must be some sort of hypnotist
heck yeah he's like a gay guy and a
homophobe at the same time he's a gun
toting a gun he's got his own zoo he's a
tough guy in the middle of Oklahoma that
is gay as hell bro he held it together
when that cat was dragging him by his
foot he pulled off his gun and he shot
and didn't even shoot the cat he shot
and shot away from the cat yeah like
that that is a person who knows that a
handle shit under pressure in front of
the camera in front of a camera you can
almost hear him say god damn lion if
this is if they weren't filming this
he's got to be aware of how famous he is
right now right
yeah yeah I don't think he really really
knows he probably has an idea but he's
not out right if he was I bet the guards
taunt him hey bro you're like the most
famous kind of merica
here's your fucking lunch his slides
over some terrible meatloaf mm-hmm got
him in solitary I don't know man she had
a husband that just disappeared and she
conveniently left him he conveniently
left her rather the whole business all
the money all of his documents had been
altered
previous to his death like there's so
much of it that you're like what and she
oh she has like 100 Tigers
whatever whatever
that's uneven I mean the guy's missing
she's devastated yeah
imagine your wife chopping you up
feeding you to a fucking pit full of
tigers like a Conan movie what better
way to get rid of a body really pigs
yeah yeah pigs that probably don't
wouldn't leave any of it I'll maybe I'm
you know cats might do it too eventually
they might chew through the bones I
wonder if they do that wolves definitely
do wolves chew right through bones which
is really crazy if you think about it
like they're chewing through like a
moose bone
yeah yeah the tiger park reopened over
the weekend - congratulations large
crowds gwz horse yeah really
fucking huge now it's like it's a
reality show I saw an article where the
lady that got her arm bitten off in that
documentary the man you piece of shit oh
it is yes
oh Jesus Christ you just misgendered her
I apologized to the zookeeper there look
everyone Tony's been under a lot of
stress he's been trapped in has done
stand-up in six weeks he didn't mean it
but I saw an article where that just
came out yesterday that said that she
thinks that the zoo's shouldn't open
because the Tigers could give it to each
other and like they don't have a way of
distancing the Tigers lol and I thought
that might even know if it goes to
Tigers that's no that's that's I mean
there wasn't there was one thing that
said that it did that one tested
positive I wonder if it how would affect
someone yeah maybe they just carry it
and it doesn't affect them well I was I
was telling you Jaime what we were
talking about this before did the
different groups of people that uh in in
the weirdest weirdest way are
asymptomatic that thing that I sent you
I said did I send that to you Jamie no
let me pull it up one of them was about
I think was a meatpacking plant and they
had some insane number of employees
tested positive all of them asymptomatic
yeah I know I have it in here somewhere
if you just give me a second I'll find
it I got a pork plant in Missouri yes
that's exactly what it is and that's the
place Missouri just opened up concerts
let's do it so so here it is 370 workers
at a pork plant in Missouri tested
positive for corona virus all of them
were asymptomatic all of them that is
the work of a boss that gets everybody
to work and tells them all to lie you
never had any symptoms
mmm that could be true huh right that's
possible that's totally possible that's
totally possible yeah you gotta take
that into consideration
get in trouble but if they were all
there and they tested them would they
have been able to tell if any of them
were exhibiting any symptoms yeah that
might be a thing right there might be
influenced to not say it it's hard to
say yeah you know when you look at
something at that that's a good point
you nailed it there dude when you look
at something that wild like all of you
yeah no one felt anything and still
worked if not we all need to move to
yessiree
right huh yeah you can't tell right
you can't tell like you can't just say
and the other one was prisoners there
was a group of prisoners that I'll see
if I can find it I'll pull that article
up for you a group prisoners and they
tested them and some insane number like
96% of 1%
yeah Tennessee yeah % tested but I not
eight percent were asymptomatic so I was
thinking about this and God forget who I
was talking to this about this they were
talking about I think was kolinsky we
were talking about your immune system
that your immune system when you're in a
place like a prison is probably super
strong because there's so many people
around you you're always interacting
with all this different bacteria whereas
if you just like live by yourself in an
apartment like you've quarantine for
these five weeks and then you're gonna
go back out into the world your immune
system is like your cardiovascular
system it's like you don't use it so
because you don't use it it's weak right
your cardiovascular system if you're
exercising all the time you boost your
capacity and he was thinking that like
that's probably what it's like in prison
- it's like oh that makes a lot of sense
like we think the prison would be really
unhealthy and it probably is for your
mind but for your in your body because
you getting shitty food but for your
immune system it might actually be quite
a workout right yeah as long as you
getting enough nutrition they probably
have to feed them some sort of balanced
diets right I mean I would imagine how
bad do you think prison food is
pretty bad yeah like are there
requirements what kind of nutrition they
have to provide to them it's weird yeah
like how bad I mean it must be terrible
who's complaining
like if they're complaining this food
sucks like no one hearing you bro
yeah you're inside a cage you don't get
a cell phone you don't get nothing you
get to go outside and make calls that
last like seven minutes and then you
gotta put more coins and do it again and
you stand there in the hallway
having these conversations he's once a
week conversations with your friends
crazy crazy what's fucked up about
prison is like I don't think works you
know it's like I don't want to compare
people to dogs but I'm gonna we've
talked about this before that like if
you get a dog and I've rescued dogs that
were just there were older and they had
seen too much shit and by the time you
get to them they're all fucked up you
know they're the growl of people they
snap at be Bullock you got a rescue dog
that wants to bite people you can't you
know you want a puppy so that when you
raise the puppy you could teach the
puppy that you love it and this is
family and everybody's cool and you got
to listen the rules though you can't
shit in the house you can't and then you
teach it and then it becomes like this I
think in a way it's really hard to train
an older dog I know some people are
experts at it I think they just don't
want to learn and their life has just
been fucked over by people and if you
get out like a seven year old eight year
old pound dog that's been abused like oh
yeah fuck that poor dog they don't want
and it's almost like with some humans
the abuse that life throws at us from
the time you're young you're kind of
like trying to deal with it as you get
older and maybe fix yourself and you try
to like balance you're your own self out
but every now and then you'll forget how
easy you have it in comparison to some
people look if you see some people's
lives
where's just poverty and crime and like
fucking everyone around them was either
a criminal or or on drugs and it's like
fucking everywhere you look you see
despair you don't see any happiness for
someone to come through that to have the
same expectations as they have someone
who came through
even like my childhood which was not
that bad
my childhood was a little weird but it
wasn't bad no one was a you know none
was abusive to me mm-hmm
when someone's abusive to you and then
all sudden you find yourself you're 32
and you're trying to get your shit
together but you just your visions of
being raped or beaten by your uncles and
you know whatever the fuck it is that
that's inside your head they're just
like all day defines you yeah it's it's
it's so hard for people to turn gears
you know it's so hard for people that
have just said you know what I'm just
gonna numb myself with pills I'm just
gonna like those guys I'm just gonna
know myself it's so hard for those guys
to get out of that it's so hard to go no
I'm gonna run every day and eat healthy
food and I'm gonna drink only water
that's hard that's way harder than just
taking oxys so so many people just want
to slow and if you meet a guy and he's
like 31 and he's taking ox he's like how
much can you change him like you almost
want you you have to be so so driven to
change yourself and a lot of people just
aren't yeah it's it's hard to it's hard
to do that stuff if you're not in the
routine of doing that anyway exercise
and drink water just be healthy
yeah sleep bro it's hard it's fucking
hard to do it's hard to not be
self-destructive yeah
but with people the crazy thing is
sometimes they can do it sometimes you
can get a guy who's 30 to hook ton
heroin and then 10 years later he's
running marathons and writing books and
super positive eating he's eating
healthy and now he has a family and he's
a different person that does happen too
that's the thing about people it's like
some of us get through but how many
people run 100 miles not many but I know
like three or four yeah you know yeah
like it's not it's not there's not that
many but some people do it and I almost
think like getting your shit together is
a lot like running a hundred miles like
everyone can do it if you just force
yourself to do it but it's fucking hard
to run 100 my got only imagine how hard
I've never done it
I would imagine fucking hard to run a
hundred miles what's fucking hard to get
you'll actually get there - both things
are hot but some people do them
less people run a hundred miles then get
their shit together though so it seems
to be easier than running 100 miles by
my measurements yeah it's still hard too
it's fucking hard it's hard to run a
mile sure tell people to run a mile most
people just like what a mile no problem
bitch go run a mile go run a mile
not shuffle not not little no I want you
to move your body I want your spring
bounce spring bounce let's keep going
one mile it's hard it's not easy and it
changes depending on anything as easy as
your last meal yeah oh dude you know
bowl of spaghetti and try to go for a
run especially like meatballs breaded
meatballs oh my god that's another thing
I've I've gotten better at during this
quarantine oh dude I'm gonna give you
some milk yes absolutely
please do all I want to picture take
pictures for sure take some food porn
for me absolutely ready to go
I actually fuckin uh there's this
farmers market right by where I live
original la farmer's market and so they
have like multiple butcher shops and I
was going to UM I was going to different
ones when this whole thing first started
and trying out different things and
different combinations of basically
remaking each week my mom's meat sauce
which is different than a regular sauce
that has meatballs in this and that
anyway and I kept testing out these
different concoctions and one time I
nailed it in it really tasted like hers
and I went back to that butcher shop and
did it again and I said to the guy I go
yeah that stuff I made last week came
out just like my mom's and he goes were
you from
I said Youngstown and it turns out that
that butcher shop was and is from
originally there and that it is the same
it's basically the same stuff it's all
the same like meat or cut or whatever
they do or how they do it was the same
thing so what are you putting in your
your sauce like how do you do when we
say meat sauce is you're using ground
beef are you using a percentage of
ground beef basically like 50% ground
beef 25% hot ground up Italian sausage
and 25% pork Wow
have a formula oh yeah baby and it's
been something that I've been tweaking
here and there it comes out fucking good
now so you're getting all the food all
the meat from this one place hmm
well I now I get my sausage of my pork
from there and the ground beef from the
other place I have it all figured out
now - so you're like getting deep into
the shit oh yeah what else you cooking
well I mean really I'm a big sucker for
pasta so it's like a lot of different
types of sauces and experimentations
like the vodka sauce with like a Pinker
sauce and do you think people hate you
because you're so slim and beautiful and
yet you eat pasta all day I mean if they
only knew how much pasta I hate so much
pasta it's crazy I eat pasta like a
fucking one of those TLC shows people
can't get out of bed without eating
pasta I am a man 800-pound man in this
fucking toothpick body
you're a great eater when we do shows
that EF shows you eat like a
motherfucker I'm always proud of myself
when I take down more than you I'm
always like yeah I'm a real fucking mad
man who could eat us both on the table
who could literally eat the same amount
both of us would eat Ari Shaffir at Fogo
de Chao because it's like it's not free
you pay right it's all-you-can-eat -
I'll get my money's worth well for him
I'm serious the food keeps coming he's
gonna keep you yeah if it doesn't cost
anything
cuz it's green when you want to go like
when you want to keep they come around
with these plates full of all this crazy
meats and sausages and chicken legs and
all this different stuff and they just
keep coming and you could just take as
much as you want and then when you got
to tap out you flipped your coin over to
red he's so cheap he takes that coin
with re just eats its crate was stunned
afterwards everyone sitting around Joey
Diaz is done I'm done
Duncan's done we're staring at him music
I'm gonna go stop watch that stop think
you're gonna keep bringing it yeah
if you keep bringing it up to me - keep
eating it fucker good he just kept
chowing like a wolf yeah that's the food
that's that that I'll say I'll feel more
of an impact by eating a couple pounds
of meat like that
then I will
from all the pastas that's interesting
Fogo de Chao slows me down for the
evening I've learned that if I have Fogo
de Chao for lunch I like I don't do it
on a night where I have to work which is
obviously most nights but now not but
anyway that's the one that would affect
me it's just a lot of meat see for me
it's totally the opposite now for
whatever reason like when I do I love
pasta - man I love it it's so good
there's so many different kinds - and
they all do different things like a
angel hair is great for some things you
know what I like there's this twisty
pasta it's like long like spaghetti yeah
but it's thicker like oh the tubes
thicker it's like spirally it's long
yeah yeah it's long like a spaghetti Wow
but really like a rotini yeah yeah but
twirly all the way down like spaghetti
that's twirly it's so good oh my god
like that long like a real piece of
spaghetti
yeah dude is actually probably a little
longer I get it from Italy so like a
couple of cases of it off Amazon oh yeah
I want to know what that is
the world needs long rotini it comes in
like this yellow package that's exactly
what it looks like
fusilli longi long ha so it's long
fusilli it's so good dude so what I like
to do if I eat domestic animals
particularly this how I like to a lot of
times when I have if I have a ribeye
with spaghetti I'll cook the ribeye and
get it like you know like just about
medium-rare and then I slice that bitch
up and drop it into tomato sauce just a
couple more minutes
just get it all in there get all that
juicy in there and then and then dump
these big thick slices of ribeye with
tomato sauce on that Italian pasta yeah
yes it's so fast and it's beautiful
sometimes you can put the pasta you know
you make your poss some pastas are
better put in the sauce directly yeah
and some are better obviously keeping
them separated and some absorb the sauce
and some of them you cook longer in the
sauce and some of them you don't see
this resonates with every
delicious pasta resonates with everybody
that's why so many women were mad when
Adele lost all that weight yes like no
bitch I don't want to give up on this
fucking pasta yeah I was with you when
you were big yeah see there's a new
photo ver yeah no I saw it this morning
jeffer first thing I knew the literally
the first thing that I thought of the
second my eyes laid on that picture I'm
like this is gonna be crazy because
people are going to say in these
comments that she's beautiful
and that's going to be hilarious because
you're basically saying that she wasn't
beautiful before by saying that she's
beautiful now in a weird way they're
sort of insinuated and and I didn't even
realize until two hours or an hour later
after I had woken up that it became like
this like news story so it's just funny
to me because like it's like is their
voice the same right cuz that's what
matters well it's it's funny in that why
wouldn't you want to applaud someone who
did something that's really difficult to
do and is now healthier yeah if you are
an Adele fan wouldn't you want her to be
healthier wouldn't you I mean you wanted
to be able to keep singing for longer
right you loved her you wanted to be
healthier you don't want her to get one
of the main things they found in New
York City about people that caught Cove
it 19 that was a real problem was
obesity big problem she was at one point
in time much larger and now she's like
really slim and people are mad and
saying this is what they're saying I
don't want her to be applauded for
losing weight as if it's some to some
wording like this like that I don't want
to adhere to these beauty standards that
she's better looking because she lost
weight but she is yeah and you know that
the only reason why anybody would want
to fight against that when so many
people overwhelmingly think she looks
better is because they don't want to
look at themselves it's that simple they
don't want to change and they want you
to just they're trying to bully you
deciding they're beautiful if they're
210 pounds yeah that's really what it is
it's like we're you know we're
redefining beauty standards you can't do
that right you can't decide that the way
you look is what everybody should like
that's crazy you can't do that and if
people have decided worldwide that
fitter healthier bodies are more
attractive that's just what it is yeah
that's what you can't it's not
redefining beauty standards the beauty
standards come from what people are
attracted to yeah it's not fair you're
right it's not fair a lot of shit and
life's not fair yeah that's just how it
is yeah if you choose to stay big that
is your choice I know it's a difficult
choice to try to move your your body
down and lose weight and get healthy we
really talked about that we were just
talking about it but you can't say that
it's unattractive when someone has a
good body because it is so if someone
has a better body than they used to have
it looks better so that's what a beauty
standard is this is what what people are
attracted to when it comes to bodies
they're attracted to fit bodies that's
not a that's not shame that's not a bad
thing like the idea that this is somehow
or another that's something we need to
avoid and putting undue pressure on
people it's nonsense
it looks great if it's pressure on you
because other people look great well
what do you do with that pressure do you
decide to be better better yourself take
care of yourself better do you decide
you decide that it's not worth as much
to you to worry about what your body
looks like and you're more concentrated
on maybe art or whatever the fuck else
that's fine too but you can't be mad at
people that put a lot of energy in that
direction and look better right because
she looks better it's not a bad thing
and isn't saying that everybody's body
is beautiful no matter what it doesn't
that make it like worse for the people
with ugly faces you know what I mean
because like then they're more part of
just a smaller group like if there's
some lady that has like her eyes are on
like the side of her head but just an a
bangin body right she still gets action
yeah I guess no problem at all
yeah of course she's hot
well dude men don't care that much where
you're its beauty standards of just what
Pete what are people attracted to it's
and people are generally attracted to
people that are healthier that's just a
physical thing that's a part of we're
only talking about attractive like
sexual attraction right we're not saying
you know if you're 20 or 30 pounds
overweight like you look horrible I
don't want to look at you like I have a
lot of friends that are fat but it is
what it is it's just it is what it is
mm-hmm and maybe they'll find somebody
that's into that but you can't like
decide that people gonna change what
they're attracted to that's silly
you can't do that like they are
attracted to people that put out more
effort they're attracted to people that
have the strength to get up at 6 o'clock
in the morning go to the gym before work
there's something really hot about that
it's attractive
yeah it's attractive someone who takes
care of themselves it is it just is now
it might not be to you but that's why
the world's beautiful because we can all
have different things that we like and
different things we don't like but when
a giant chunk of people are into this
one thing like nice bodies it doesn't
mean that it's all shallow or terrible
or it's somehow another demeaning to
people that don't adhere to those
standards no it's a competition there's
a sort of a physical physiological
competition between males and females in
terms of like trying to be attractive
and that's one of the things they do
they make their body look better another
thing they do is dress nice they wear
jewelry they do stuff to make themselves
look better the idea that making your
body look better is somehow or another
this is a bad standard to adhere to when
you take your big body that you're not
taking care of and you wrap it up and
all this crazy clothes and all these
ribbons and bows and you show your bare
midriff cuz you're brave and you got
your big old ass these jeans like yeah
it still looks pretty good don't get me
wrong still look great honestly I
thought Adele
I thought Adele looked a little I
thought she looked cuter a little bit
thicker now she little sort of looks I
mean granted she looks healthier but she
looks a little bit more just basic you
know what I mean sort of just like every
all the other pop stars well in every
movie where there's a guy was kind of a
fuck up who's gonna get in trouble it's
a guy who's built like you with a woman
it was like 250 pounds she tells him
what to do
so maybe it's like a thing like that's
like when it doesn't hasn't David Spade
play the character like that was like
he's got a big wife or a big girl right
there's always a few of those think so
maybe that's your thing maybe like to
deal with channel how that's right
yeah dude maybe that's your thing is
what big ones you're like I'm big so
when Adele was big you like yes control
me hold me down maybe I don't know I
want to know about her boys sounds like
what if she sounds horrible now cuz like
who she had that operatic right powerful
powerful voice I was having a
conversation with a buddy who told me
like to have a ball gag put in his mouth
it's like really like what people are
into I'm saying you know I'm not saying
that people can't be into big girls
there's a lot of people into big girls
but a lot of people are into everything
you know but that's okay too like a lot
of people are into weird stuff you gotta
try out different things I think if you
can't if you can get it it's fun
dude people's brains are not the same
all right the idea that what you like
I'm supposed to like or what I like
you're supposed to like you spend so
much time watching Pro Wrestling yeah I
watch it every now and then my god
that's crazy move
yeah I can't yeah but you can we're
different you can too you just have you
just have it yeah he'll never give up
have to do a fight companion with a
wrestling event sometimes well as a
comic you're probably the greatest
wrestling in terms of like who's a real
evangelist you're wrestling evangelist
you're always trying to get people to
watch pro wrestling I don't think it's
for everybody but I think I think I
think you would love it I don't do so
without the the WrestleMania event
when he's the runner takers match yeah
that's the sell to him I like the girls
the girls wrestling seems more realistic
wrestlemania was great what about what
the undertaker you didn't like it
it was very cinematic they've been doing
things more a lot like a movie as of
late because they don't have an audience
yeah like enjoyed Ronda Rousey she made
a great transition to WWE she really did
she really did yeah she's great at it
well she's a pro you know like that's
why she was a medalist in judo in the
Olympics that's why she was a beast in
MMA she's a pro and she took to that
like a pro like she really played the
heel well she played mean well yeah it
was great you know and physically she
could do so much with her judo there's
so much shit the way how strong she is
wish you could throw women around it's
pretty crazy and because of that that's
that's what really works is when it
looks like and like she messed something
up sort of is the best stuff mmm that's
what you sort of so makes you feel
really right why don't just watch real
shit fuck I do i watch it I watch real
stuff too
there's a huge crossover in people that
enormous our MMA and pro wrestling I
don't like really respected journalist
and MMA oh yeah they were all they were
all going crazy over WrestleMania I
couldn't believe it
if Ariel Helwani and Bret Okamoto all of
them were talking about I could not
believe it cuz I follow
I don't follow many people on Twitter
but I follow those guys and I like these
MMA and sure enough the one like
wrestling journalist that I followed on
it was like this is crap this is the
first WrestleMania ever like I'm like oh
my god this is nuts
that's but isn't that always the case
someone's gonna say it's fucking
terrible and someone's gonna say it was
the best thing I've ever seen
right with fucking everything yeah
everything god damn it yep and that's
like why the Irishman shocked me granted
it's not the you know it's it's not like
parasite where it's like wow what a
crazy work of art but it was a great
Scorsese movie to me and like the bad
but there's a bad credit for everything
now and
whoever got that out there that the
Irishman bad made it better for me
because it lowered my expectations dude
I saw people commenting about Ozark yeah
negatively commenting about Ozark I'm
like okay this is just proof of my thing
that shows masterpiece it's a
masterpiece
if you're into a dramatic thriller where
you don't know where the fuck they're
going that show is a goddamn masterpiece
yeah every show leaves you hanging on
the edge you can't wait to find out what
the fuck happened yeah
it's a masterpiece and it's tells
reading all these dismissive comments I
was like oh my God thank you it just
like puts it on perspective like who are
we listening to who's writing that yeah
Jason Bateman's a monster lies the fact
that he's directing that is insane like
that's a great transition to dirt to
directing one time though his daughter
had a cellphone and she was she had an
Android phone and she was making the
text to him and like he was making a
text to her and they would see the dot
dot dot dot dot thoughts you don't get
those on an Android phone oh very
interesting yeah you get those if you've
got an iPhone bitch yeah that makes
sense right that's why I and Edwards
keeps an Android like son I don't want
anybody to know what I'm texting from a
fucking computer
he goes you tell me you could be texting
some shit and someone's reading it on a
computer why is it even on there you
read a text message in your laptop you
just feel violated like what is this why
are you texting me here why is it
showing up here I'm trying to get away
from my phone I'm working over here yeah
yeah that's annoying right I just got a
new laptop and I can't figure out how to
shut that off oh you got it yeah you got
to go in your settings I couldn't find
yeah you can shut it off but sometimes
it turns itself on again it's super
annoying it's weird too because Apple
figured out that the blue bubble looks
better it's really simple and so if a
text message comes in it doesn't just
say text message instead of iMessage no
no
you also get a different color bitch
imagine if it was black but here's the
thing is it's like Oh black with white
letters is pretty dope yeah that'd be
the best but here's the thing well you
can you could do that too all right
Oh getting nighttime mode I gotta do
that you don't know about that I know
I've mentioned this before but the thing
that really bothers me about it is that
the color for the app is green mmm gotta
end there they fucked it by putting the
the mail app blue and you can't just
have another blue app but yeah but when
you do get a green bubble with a black
screen is not bad the color combination
of green on black is not as bad as Green
on white green on White is kind of
offensive it just looks wrong it doesn't
belong with it it's like they tricked us
it's very wise because all text used to
be green and then they realized blue
looks better Shh okay quickly blue took
it but here's the thing if you have an
Android phone and you send it through
their messages app you know the they're
a little client they use to send text
messages you can have it all kinds of
colors you can actually you could change
it you can make it red you can make it
black you could you could do a bunch of
shit it's all customizable that's why
they like it the Apple keeps you locked
into the little system I've updated my
Windows PC recently and they're trying
to do something like that I'm not
letting my phone and computer my enjoy
but it's like hey by the way you know
you can connect your phone when you sign
in now and have all of this shit here
whenever I think about I see those
messages I read them back to myself in
the same voice as the demon trying to
convince Bruce Jenner to be a woman
remember that bit I read that's how I
read them Lee
connect your phone come join the matrix
you would know a little bit about this
there's something my knight discovered
last night but there's a new popular
game that's out and the anti cheat like
program that runs in the background of
your computer is goes all the way down
to the kernels of your computer which is
something don't be a pussy
but nothing wrong there now saying that
this is a the company that owns this
runs it is based in China and that's why
a potential spyware is a being racist
nothing wrong with Chinese stuff in your
kernels lock into the matrix how long
before the first person gets in the
matrix do we have five years even I
don't think so I don't think we have
five years four we have bolts in the
back of our head that we tie into a
clamp big old hose thing right here I
was looking around there's this is a
potential oh Jesus Christ Western
University ACO vid tracking whole thing
that there to test with like less than
30 people but oh my god that is so crazy
attract stroke patients and like changes
in your breathing and lungs or something
and like sounds in there that connect to
a device which is your phone and let you
know if somebody's up what better way to
get integrated with the grid then to
create a virus that makes you wear a
mask takes where your humanity can't
touch each other guys stay away no
social contact so you're getting more
and more addicted to your TV in your
phone more and more addicted to your
laptop I'll free you but you gotta take
a test and then I gotta put a tracking
thing on you because I want to make sure
that you're a good boy Tony you're a
good boy you don't go catch no covet and
spreading it around so I got to know
where you are so I could chart out the
health of the public
frightening who can't give that up folks
five stage reopening process based on
risk from Angeles announced
the hours stage-1 safer at home order
planning for recovery stage two which
are about to go into that's now right
mm-hmm hey this Friday flora some
retailers car dealerships golf courses
and trails soon other low-risk
businesses manufacturers office retail
essential health care outdoor recreation
and libraries I thought we've already
could outdoor it was sort of what we're
talking about earlier but you have to
where they stay here which on this
screen you have to wear face color
covering and you go out there the trails
you must adhere to so so are they making
runners wear face masks I while they're
running no not out on the streets I
don't think but it may be if you're in a
trail you could probably get stopped
find out that's true because I've been
reading all these things that say that
there's you know we joked around about
it before like if someone passes you
when they're running like how close are
they to you but it doesn't seem like
there's any sort of science to say that
it spreads that way like I know that's
what I've reread that and didn't think
that that was true too but I texted
Brennan shop he said he got a ticket for
being on that trail dinner I don't know
what the ticket was for but I was like
did you really get a ticket he said yeah
did he get a ticket for just being there
or did he get a ticket for not wearing a
mask
not sure wow so museums cultural centers
and galleries thank God they can open up
Lac Mont and you can stare at a
Plexiglas box at some fucking dipshit
glued together look at that stage three
separated with velvet ropes
Stage three high-risk businesses body
art massage bars nightclubs
movie theaters and bowling alleys so we
have to wait we have to wait for the
next stage and doesn't say when are we
and then stage four higher risk
businesses entertainment venues oh wait
a minute what that might be us oh wait a
minute yeah like what is an
entertainment venue is that like that
like a large arena there might be more
like a thousand people more like a
concert fan don't say a thousand Jamie
give him a bad idea well say thousand
three thousand we want theaters yes you
do comedy in theaters if they shut down
all the arenas and I just have to do ten
shows instead of one we can do that
which is just Los Angeles I know but
these fucks it doesn't matter though
this is the account also Ohio's just
passed a law they said to change what
the the Department of Health is doing so
that they're like over superseding the
rules like in their Congress you only
have fourteen I don't know so let's
listen I think ultimately we were hating
this with California's doing like
ultimately there's way less people that
got it here then got it anywhere else so
it's probably a good idea but as a
comedian it fucking sucks it as a person
who is not in the highest of risks it's
it sucks I know quite a few people that
have had it and we're gonna actually
have Michael yo come on next week
I'm really interested to talk to him
because he had it real bad and he got it
from New York and then there's been some
speculation that the people who got it
from New York they get it from Europe
but the people that got it in California
a lot of them got it from China which is
really interesting because like I wonder
if as it went through Europe it got
worse like that's that's possible right
and wasn't that something that they
speculated that there's some sort of
different strains yeah but what couldn't
New York people just come to LA for sure
from China yeah they could but I think
the when they tracked the origin I think
that's the reason they can test yeah
yeah I think there's imagine a moron
like me trying to even say this but I
think there's some sort of a genetic
tracing mechanisms of what they're doing
back to November flu samples to see if
they can track it to back then right
Jesus so they found December though
right is that confirmed or is that just
speculate I read lighter saw less I this
morning is it that early December yeah
is that the one in Sweden cuz I read
something that Sweden has it back to
November or December now how's what back
they've traced kovat back to me in
Sweden as far as November are you saying
in terms of their their opening back up
they're kind of opened up yeah
and Sweden yeah but but here's the thing
you also got to realize that Sweden is
not the United States like it's it's a
weird place it's really stretched out
and there's not a lot of people there
it's not it's nothing like New York like
the thing about New York is like
that's like a house made out of hay and
someone drops a cigar and that
motherfucker just catches on fire goes
wow there's so many people the viral
load you must take in every day if you
live in Manhattan bamp bamp on the
subway
fucking right next to people breathing
in everybody's here everybody's coughing
it's getting in there's only so much air
in that room even if you talk about
forget about the subway and just talk
about the entrance door to either their
home or their work place it has hundreds
of people minimum going through it every
single day yeah and those hundreds of
people that go through that door every
single day they're on the subway or
they're walking by people on the street
it's just too much way too much so many
people yeah and we're all breathing each
other's funk yeah Paul Sweden says
coronavirus was likely in the country as
early as November 2000 what I read they
found it in France in December he's like
it's it's most likely that that's crazy
so they found in France from that time
to well I appreciate their approach that
they're going through and let it be
known in Sweden is a smart fricking
place man when I was there with you
Stockholm Wow so he had a one-one had a
patient in France who was infected with
kovat 19 back in December a month before
the contagion with was thought to have
reached Europe doctors retro actively
tested the samples from when the man was
admitted to the hospital near Paris on
December 27th with a cough headache and
a fever Wow
this uh it really does feel like more
than one disease and apparently there's
a strain in India and there's some
concern that even when they come up with
a vaccine this strain in India is going
to be immune to it it's not going to
work on this strain because it strains
so different than what's going on right
now
do you see kovat toes yet kovat toes is
a new Oh like your funky tone a serious
symptom no it's the actual toe toe like
it's like it turns bright red because of
blood clotting and it is a it is a
serious symptom of the corona virus
something it in fact I saw one person
get diagnosed just from that they had no
other symptoms so they diagnosed the
person because of kovat toes red a whole
long thing about
Wow it's a fucking weird disease man
some people seem to get it and just walk
it off and other people get in and it's
a death sentence it doesn't make it
doesn't seem like anything else maybe
it's just like we just haven't been
paying attention to you know when I
found out that there was 61 thousand
people that died from the flu a year ago
yeah 61 thousand right that's so many
fucking people yeah that's crazy look
you would have never believed that and I
know there's been more deaths from kovat
but the other thing we were trying to
figure out somebody tweeted that there
was because of the fact that there's so
many kovat deaths that there's actually
a decrease in the amount of people that
have died from heart disease and they're
thinking how many people are not being
counted how many feel that died of heart
disease like how accurate is the count
because I think the way what they're
doing is if you have kovat you died you
died from kovat then they don't
investigate to see if there were some
other things that might have killed you
and kovat just also was there like maybe
this is the cause oh he had clearly had
a heart attack oh this was a cause he
clearly had of this now they're saying
that kovat might even cause heart
attacks in people you know and it might
cause strokes and and weird blood clots
in people so it's like it's different in
different people it's like a it's so
strange and it almost feels like like
we're living like people lived in the
past
where you get your your information
piecemeal like what what's happening
because it's new and they don't really
know it's not like this is like there's
an established science about measles
right they know what the fuck it is they
know how to prevent they don't how to
make a vaccine they know it is not with
this with this it's like what what's
going like we haven't put all the pieces
together yet so we're experiencing it in
real time along with the world's
foremost medical experts do you see the
scientist from Pittsburgh that
supposedly was close to a breakthrough
that got murdered in a murder-suicide
yes yes yeah I did see that that's crazy
it is crazy yeah like what the hell yeah
you I'm in the middle of this Jack
Carter novel it's all about crazy
espionage and murder and
murder-for-hire and shit and you know of
course instantly when I see something
like this I go oh my god what if they
whacked him and they whacked this guy to
cover up their tracks they didn't want
him to find a cure because they're
working on their own cure yeah like very
significant findings according to the
University that guy does not look like
the guy that would get murdered for
anything gunshot wounds the head you
don't read Jack Carter
we've got car books Dirac read I can't
even talk if you read Jack Carr books
you would totally think he looks like a
guy that gets shot because everybody
gets shot hmm
that guy's books are so violent man and
everybody's getting shot so it says they
found him in his townhouse and then the
other person the suspect they found shot
themselves in a car right is that what
it is
mm-hmm yep returning to his car and
taking his own life
Wow see that's the story is that what
happened so it could have been like a
bad business to you or maybe a love
triangle or something John uh imagine if
you were on your way to developing a
vaccine for something and that vaccine
was gonna net your company an estimated
1.9 billion dollars and then this
fucking smartypants dipshit let's let me
say that guy some guy in Vancouver
figures out a way to kill this stuff and
he wants to publish it and he gotta get
to gotta get to him before he publishes
it because if if he does if this super
smart guy has figured something out
about the structure of this virus and he
knows how to fix it he knows how to fix
this problem the world is facing we're
gonna it's an easy fix that's possible
that's in books I've read it in books
I guarantee actually I've listened to it
in audiobooks but the same thing I've
become obsessed with this criminal
psychology thing on youtube called Jim
can't swim
and he breaks down interrogation videos
so addictive I actually got on patreon
and he's the first person I've ever been
a patreon person Wow and I went and I
blasted through this stuff it is so cool
and it's all criminal psychology and he
talks about how these interrogators and
they've he has great video somehow these
interrogations and how these people
break through and help stop it and show
you like here's what he's doing and
here's why and how they get people and
how why people lie and how they lie and
this and that it's so damn interesting
because you watch people they cannot
cover their tracks and then once you
watch enough of them once you're like
halfway through you already know like
you're like oh they're guilty oh they
just gave it away before he even stops
it you know how it's crazy
that that whole criminal world like they
can't lie there's you would think that
you know you would think like oh I could
fool one of those guys like I could fool
a detective if he was interrogating me
and it's like no you won't not you know
what that's probably like like I'm gonna
hurt cool this guy I'm gonna fuck up as
I kept exact and then the comedian
tortures you
I saw one where this lady killed her
husband's wife are killed her
ex-boyfriends wife write it back in
college at UCLA oh yeah killed her got
away with it became an LAPD detective
right get this 25 years later then
they realized that this detective on
their force could potentially be the
murder and how do they figure out that
she could be the murderer well they
ended up interviewing some people from
back then they had this cold case what's
really ironic is that there they did so
good
all these detectives that they ran out
of basically stuff to do so they got to
start going way back on Cole
cases and looking more into them and so
they looked at some interviews and this
and that and they're like this lady
works on the force and then they ended
up finding out more and more and more
that she could have been attached so
they kept it a secret and they kept a
completely secret from her and they just
brought her down to a break room saying
that they had some questions about
something little did she know that the
interrogation had begun and she was the
worst liar ever she literally had 25
years of guilt like built up it's like a
steaming teapot so she's literally like
what is this what is this about
are you kidding me watch this online oh
yeah where what is it it's called Jim
cannon Jim can't swim begins with an L
it's a the Lazarus files yes Stephanie
Lazarus Stephanie Lazarus that's one of
those things where I wish we could play
something yeah on the show that it's so
good god damn and they stop and they
show you like little things like right
from the beginning you know they they
say the guy's name wrong like do you
know John Hoover or whatever it was and
the guy's name was John Hoover and she
goes John Hoover John John Hoover and
she takes way too long and then she goes
you mean maybe John Hoover and then they
stop it and he's like you know she
thought of John Hoover immediately she's
pretending like she's searching through
her brain like they show you what their
show ending like this is no big deal
they have to put it out there's no
system basically everything that the
person does is showing you what they're
hiding yeah dude this guy went to clean
out his mom's apartment she died and he
found a feat of freezer one of those
chest freezers with a dead decomposing
body in it so the body had been there
the freezer was in it was a thing was in
the basement see if we can find this I'm
I believe this was in New Jersey I think
it was in New Jersey so any or no it was
in Manhattan yeah I'm pretty sure wasn't
in Manhattan it was a one of those
has meat freezers and some of it threw
the body in there and duct taped it all
shut so the stink couldn't get out she
wouldn't let anybody visit her building
man goes to clear our dead mom's house
finds body and freezer
police say man found a decomposed body
ins dead mother's freezer as she was
cleared out of her New York City
apartment Wow he found the body this
week in a chest freezer that had been
sealed with duct tape investigators said
the body appeared to have been stored
for over 10 years building
superintendent asked me herb I seemed
told the newspaper on Friday's article
the body was so decayed that authorities
couldn't determine it sex Bessie you
said they wouldn't let she wouldn't let
them there it is the deceased tenant
never gave permission to for work to be
done in the Hamilton Heights apartment
that was what I thought was funny she's
like no I'm good like your Plumbing's
bad not plumbing perfect is there a
smell coming out of your place not
anymore
no not anymore no smell thanks click
bolt shut clip two locks share the
fucking chest freezer with a dead body
what's worse cleaning your dead mom's
place and finding a dead body or having
her dildo hit you in the face off a
shelf the body I don't care if my mom
uses a dildo that's her choice if her
dildo is a free woman fell off the top
shelf and hit you in the head
get over it pussy going yeah better than
a body your mother's murderer killed
somebody 10 fucking years ago and threw
him in an ice chest and duct taped it
shut what the fuck I want to realize you
supported your mother's use of dildos I
do know I support your mother's you
should do those too I love your mother
I hope she's happy she is your mother
kills yeah she's the best have you right
for your mother your mother be a
world-class traveling standup when she
did that kill Tony and she went up and
did stand up with with notes and had
never done it before
murdered she murdered murdered Your
Mother like legitimately had great
timing great delivery she leaned into
the punch line she was killing man she
was killing it was funny that was fun
she would listen to
a few notes you know and she just did it
she had fun I told her to smile enjoy
don't forget to smile and leave spaces
in between the jokes those are the tubes
it was so cool to see - it's like when
someone does something like that they've
never done before and their son is a
professional stand-up and it was honest
your son's podcast in the in a live
audience was just like every the biggest
fear people have is fucking up in front
of a large crowd yeah
Whitney Cummings told me that that comes
from when in the past when people were
in front of large crowds usually is
because you're being judged like you did
something wrong and the group is turning
on you I was like oh that makes sense
that's where that fear comes from yeah
that makes total sense
total makes sense yeah like that when we
were evolving you know as we're going
through the civilizations of the past if
it was a group of people that was
staring at you and you're around all
these people and you're down there all
up ah
that's fucking terrifying for sure or
perhaps even about to be executed or oh
for sure
yeah for sure when there's one person
everyone's focusing on them most of the
time that's scary because most the time
it's bad occasionally someone's
performing you know but most of the time
it's really bad yeah it's like a group
of people are trying to kill you the
only time it's really good is when
everything's going great and there's
plenty of food and booze then the person
like we're gonna listen to you because
you're exceptional because you have a
wonderful voice or you you're really
good with the musical instrument yeah
that is weird it's fucking real weird
the fear that people get in you know
going out there and and performing and
having people boo at them and hate them
oh they're so scared of it it's
interesting
that's where booze comes in right if
people like how many people have given
speeches at their companies like you
know they get together have a company
Christmas party and has someone
unfortunately is a microphone a bunch of
people are boozing and so he goes up
there just ruins their fucking life
how does that happen how many times does
that happen what someone thought they
could say something that Chris Rock
would say they try out a bit they try
out a bit at the company party for from
then on you get brought into human
resources on Monday yeah Tony I want you
to tell me about Saturday night tell me
from your perspective why did you say
what you said why'd you do what you did
it's so funny
now the other supplying you with booze
which is hilarious like if they had just
coke and and joints rolled up laying
around people who never blame you
they wouldn't blame you if you gave them
coke and and got him high as fuck bong
hits
and they were saying wacky shit curled
up in the corner you wouldn't blame him
but you got an open bar are you fuckin
Christmas party and Mikey gets a little
sauced up says something stupid and
you're mad at him it's so funny to think
about like how real companies have
Christmas parties without alcohol and
all that and then you see have you ever
been to a Comedy Store Christmas party
I don't like Christmas part right that's
why I'm asking I know everybody else is
there but I don't think I've ever seen
you at one it's probably a good thing
because it's complete chaos
it's beyond like thick because obviously
the Comedy Store has no has less than no
HR so it's way way way way over the top
like it's absolutely ridiculous mmm
continuous continuous alcohol
consumption like shots and shots and
shots and shots and shots and shots and
shots when does it come back when do you
think we'll move in the lovely Phase
three I think I think maybe my guess
right now would be eight to twelve weeks
something starts eight to twelve perhaps
perhaps the main room spaced out with
the O R I wonder if they can hang in
there that long that's a long time to
hang in there I think so you think so I
think I do I think
I think that they've done really well as
oblate like really well
there's something about alcohol sales
which takes a business to a whole nother
level and they've been slinging some
drinks they certainly have but it's it's
hard for everybody and it's paid for
right they own the building it's the
truth building and if they were paying
rent it would be rough my god those
shows back when we come back cuz he
never thought it could be taken away
from you can away from everybody
honestly I was mad at you the first day
because you were the way I had to show
with you that night we performed the
night before and the next morning I wake
up and I see your tweet saying
unfortunately I'm gonna cancel my shows
tonight at the Comedy Store right yeah
and I'm literally like come on Joe
you're falling for this fake to see it's
like I was I was more like this is
bullshit and it was it was actually an
order like we own oh I know in
retrospect obviously like I was wrong
yeah they wanted 200 people or less they
had gotten to this 200 people are less
place which I thought was really weird
like it's okay if two hundred people get
sick what is that four hundred is bad to
hundreds good like it's the same
environment it's just a larger number so
they had an arbitrary 200 number so and
then I cancelled the other shows too I
was like I'm just gonna cancel I'm like
I think we should cancel cuz there was
some improv shows that we still had
booked I'm like we better cancel this
does just seems to it seemed like a
storm was coming it was it was changing
like by the hour I was in negotiating
with constant negotiations with The
Comedy Store when that started on that
Thursday or Friday I was still fighting
for my Monday like I'm like that's great
then we can do they're allowing 200 then
we can do 202 hours later they're like
it's got to be 100 and I'm like okay 100
and then they're like well the comedy
stores closing indefinitely and I'm like
great well how about you just let us
shoot in the main room with no audience
and some staff and they're like well no
week or they're like first they're like
yes and then they're like no and then I
had to renegotiate because they're like
no we're closing the main room to Korn
I'm like great well stream out of the
original room with no staff and no
comedians and they're like that's good
for literally for like four hours and
then I got a call to me entirely
we can't can't and I'm in and they're
like if you want to do the basement you
can stream out of the basement I'm like
we can't definitely can't do the
basement it's too she stuffed it in the
basement
well the fuck of it we ended a great
story you know we died did we get into
the basement let me tell you how we got
into the base we're basically in the
basement now over it better box studios
but we ended up doing one out in the
empty ice house how cool is that that
ended up being really cool we did like a
QA session in the empty ice house mmm
very interesting it was a pouring down
rain Monday night that's the part that
made it like extra creepy
I hope the Ice House is okay to improv
all these clubs we got to do something
to really get them juiced up once
everything gets rolling in for sure
we're gonna have a lot of a lot of
creative juices well the stipulations
gonna be as far as what has to take
place like what were they it was would
it be an effective treatment what would
have to be whether they would let us do
comedy again I wonder what would be
because they have some effective
treatments that they're investigating
wonder if that would be enough they let
them that they knew there's a good
supply of it they give it to the
hospitals um they don't even know if you
can catch it twice all right they're
thinking you might be able to catch it
again might wear off and then you can
catch it again which is like what I sort
of I'm not buying into that I think
that's another one that the news wants
us to think that you can catch it again
well you got it you might be able to
catch it again but it's like a lot of
the most recent things that I've read
from like Health Organization's are
saying good news finally some good news
and you have to like look deep to find
good news now you have to dig like with
a shovel to find good news and literally
like most of and of course a doctor
doctor serious doctor I'll tell you well
we really don't know donno because
that's what professional scientists say
right until they officially know but
right now most proof
Nationals are saying you can't get it
twice I think in China they've found a
small percentage of people that got out
twice I'm not I'm not I don't trust
anything coming out of China right now I
don't trust their numbers their
scientists their news or their horn
surely you're Pro fortune cookie
absolutely 100% okay okay those lucky
numbers I take it to the bank
imagine if China brought over the murder
hornets on purpose just to fuck up our
be supply just to fuck up our economy
even further could you imagine if we
found out these motherfuckers brought
over those murder huh
imagine if that's the next thing I'd
like to doing some old-school Genghis
Khan shit they brought the plague to
bring it over murder Hornets yeah
imagine we could be on a war that China
is involved with the United States
trying to weaken us from within
wouldn't it be wild if like they're like
you know pay us the money you owe us and
we just kept ignoring them and they're
like all right the relationship we have
with China right now is more hostile
than anything I can ever remember more
hostile than we've ever felt with Russia
it seems more hostile then it's like as
hostile as Iran when we killed that
soleimani dude it's almost like as a
hostile with that all the time and it's
a special kind right because we can't
even acknowledge how mad we are at them
yet until we have our own thing sort of
figured out we don't know shit yeah well
I came from it's almost like when when
you're mad at someone but you don't want
to make a big deal a bit like the dinner
table or something like you want to talk
to them one on one afterwards right like
it's like we can't even acknowledge how
mad we are at China for this until we
have a vaccine all right and then we're
gonna be like hey by the way what the
fuck dude you gave everybody the corona
virus you could have had it taken care
of you did that they said if they had
acted sooner and we could have stopped
95% of it spread yeah Wow yeah that is
nuts
yeah imagine if it didn't start in the
lab and everybody accused this tower
whole app and the people in the lab like
you fucks we didn't even do this
this is just some normal shit it's just
some normal shit that could have come
from this lab but it didn't came from
this fucking market yeah but imagine
that labs just right there it's right
near that market so close yeah what are
the odds that a market that has had
humans and bats in it for a very long
time all of a sudden I'm getting lab
vibes from this one well how about this
instead of lab vibes maybe think about
it this way maybe since they're doing
these fucking experiments on bats right
they're doing coronavirus experience on
bats experiments on bats that are coming
from the exact same caves as where this
disease is originated what if someone is
selling the bats after they do
experiments with them yeah what if some
just as long as they cook it would be
fine someone didn't good yeah and then
they caught corona from it somewhere
maybe just hanging there
you know maybe they sold that bat and
they just hung there with all the other
bats and that stuff just got in the air
and somebody got it next to them working
in a tight space to market all the
people breathing and this funky ass
experimental bat is hanging from a meat
hook
and they're probably like as long as
they make bat soup they're gonna have to
boil it it'll be fine this is $25 with a
bat and the one person that bought it
liked bat sushi the rest is history
that's a predators right you have to
cook those fuckers like what what is a
bat worth like how much does it cost to
buy a bat to eat if you had a guess like
US dollars how much is a bat in a wet
market US dollars dollars if you over
there you got a hundred dollars in your
pocket Tony how much do you have left
after you buy a bat for dinner geez I
would say not much because so much food
seems like it would be better than I'm
bat it seems like a ratty animal right
yeah but if you bought a bat in a
restaurant like how much you think it
cost well a restaurant still market I'm
some market I'm gonna say three bucks
three dollars for a bat so let's see if
we could find this out
with what do you think you think it's
more or less that American lass I think
it's a dollar yeah probably because it's
dollar American for a bat they don't
look like they're greedy that's the
other thing people they oh my god these
fucking people they're so greedy
they make trying to make money selling
rats like no they're really really poor
mm-hmm like they're eating rats they're
eating bats they're eating roaches 3d
every fucking thing they can eat that's
gonna give him some protein yeah they're
not just eating like Canadian geese Oh
stuffed goose look - got the recipe from
Vanity Fair no they're eating bats bro
flying rats can you imagine like if bats
were good at all
let's face it we'd be eating them I read
a terrible story about these two
scientists that had decided they wanted
to do some studies on these rats that
lived in this very particular cave I
believe it was in Africa and they set up
these cameras to photograph these rats
that these bats rather that as the
sundown would happen that's when the
bats would start flying out of the caves
and they were gonna be there to capture
it well what they didn't understand for
whatever fucking reason is that this is
also where the bats defecate
so the bats as they were flying over
covered them with bat shit covered them
and they believe they both died of some
sort of a hemorrhagic virus yeah we'll
have Jamie find that out next that is
batshit crazy you son of a bitch do you
know that bat shit comes from the fact
that bat shit used to be worth a lot of
money because the guano bat guano is
actually really good fertilizer oh yeah
but I bet batshit crazy
it's probably like a disease that you
get when you're hanging around all that
bat guano that makes sense
because that stuff is valuable like
people apparently really used to value
it in terms of like using it as
fertilizer using it when they're growing
plants I just know from Ace Ventura
Brian he tastes it
go on arrow yeah that's right that's a
that's an underrated movie go back and
watch that movie again especially when
you're high it's so ridiculous yeah I've
been watching so much shit it's been so
fun that part of it just getting to
absorb art I've watched every Adam
Sandler mover movie ever except Little
Nicky I didn't watch the Little Nicky
it's when he plays a devil's kid yeah I
don't know about that one but I've
watched all of them you watch the lawn
with the remote control yes I watched
that one click yeah I watched all of
them huh is that what it's called
yeah called click yeah yeah happy
gilmore is classic dude classic so funny
classic he's got a lot of classics man
that one a pain that one there's
something about that one scene where
he's talking with chubs and and he like
just met chubs and this and that
and he he's shooting cans into the trash
can and he hits chubs his wooden hand
out into the street and chubs says it's
all right super durable made a great
wood crisis it destroys me and then the
next scene
it shows chubs with kills me you know
you know I'm not really that much into
comedy movies now that I'm grown up but
one that destroys me at my spinal cord
that I don't know when the last time you
saw it but it holds up great kingpin Oh
key pins amazing oh my just the scene
when Woody Harrelson's throw it up after
had sex with the lady yeah holy shit
it's a fairly Brothers movie right yeah
and I did I did punch up recently on a
Farrelly Brothers project and I actually
was talking with with Peter Farrelly and
I go you know because it like came up
somehow kingpin came up and I go you
know I think Bill Murray should have
been nominated for you know best comedic
or supporting or whatever you know that
category would have been
he actually goes you know it's funny
I've always thought that in the back of
my mind and it never happened but I
completely agree with you there it's one
of the greatest comedic performances
anyone that I've ever worked with is
done it really is Bill Murray's amazing
- I watched Groundhog Day again I
haven't seen that in forever it's
fucking great it's a great movie it's
really fun yeah
the Farrelly Brothers also made
Something About Mary that's another
there's you know steve Schirripa from
The Sopranos yeah did you ever work for
him when he was a booking guy no he used
to book the Riviera when I worked the
Riviera I used to get the gig through
steve Schirripa steve stripper was a
friend of mine before he did any acting
drew Carey
got him on The Drew Carey Show and then
one time I work for him and he's telling
me that Drew Carey had him on his TV
show that's fucking awesome next thing
you know the fucking Sopranos come out
and I'm looking at TV and Steve sharp is
on I can't remember if I found out but I
think I found out beforehand but I
couldn't believe it when I was watching
I was like I can't believe that Steve
shrub and he's really fucking good
really good and really fucking good
actor sure that is that is so weird that
that like you knew that guy like that
his regular job him taking care of Uncle
jr. on The Sopranos is masterful he's
not that fat by the way that's fat suit
really yeah they put a big old fat suit
on he move big guy he's a huge guy Wow I
was there with Steve sure if I was
working some guy lit his cigarette
smoked it and then put it out on the
floor or the carpet in the comic store
in the comedy room the Riviera and I
stopped I thought the trip was gonna
kill this guy he's screaming at him
pointing to his face pick it up you
fucking slob that's crazy
the first thing I got here is a I was
trying to find like a menu for pricing
from a wet market it's really close I
could get as a tweet showing some some
sort of translation from it okay photo
from the dilben what's that word mean
dough bond of a menu in Wuhan Hunan
seafood market don't know when it was
taken but there are say sells all kinds
of wild animals including oh my god
including live wolf pups and palm civets
holy
you need a wolf pup what the fuck man
second photo taken after outbreak
discovered shows this storefront third
left covering the word for wild in its
name so I was trying to get some sort of
translation of what's on there koala me
deer medal they have live Sika deer
that's six thousand I don't know if a TN
or youand yua n what's about 850 bucks
you can get a live Sitka deer crocodile
tongue is about forty five that's about
six dollars six fifty or so Wow
camel meat 25 oh my god bull testicles
twelve CFO's translation but that's what
I just found in here so this is what
happens when you need to eat men and you
got to feed a fucking billion people I
will say though it also said that the
web markets are not actually that
popular in big cities that many people
that eat there so I don't know how
prevalent it is there if it's something
maybe in rural areas I know I'm not sure
dude that's even worse news because that
means the meats gonna sit around for a
while I cook it's all just gonna funk in
the Sun and all the bacteria is gonna
jump from one fish to one frog to one
cockroach see and on top of that if you
cough too much the guys in hazmat suits
drag you away no one will ever see you
again
crazy dude like if you found out that
China was taking people that were sick
and dragging them away and they were
never heard from again would you believe
that yeah let me ask you this
journalists even though that's true
yeah there's if you complain too much
about China they grab you they grab you
they drag you yeah they put you in a
cell somewhere they take you away
happens all the time
guys get prison sentences for talking
shit about the the people in charge it's
a weird place man like this is the
people that we have an antagonistic
relationship with look at all these bats
Russia's even weirder though because
they don't even
they don't even like hide it listen they
just keep saying people are falling out
of windows and Russia these doctors and
it's like no I don't think a doctor fell
out of a window especially three in one
week yeah three doctors fell out
whoops they're not even trying like it's
like they could make it look like it's a
suicide what do you think the doctors
did I think they cooking this lizard I
don't where does I think is that snake
it's Python yeah Jesus Christ they're
cooking it with a blowtorch and then
they just give it to you in a bag here
have some Python you know it's weird
pythons are they really want to get rid
of them they're they're a huge problem
particularly in Florida where they're oh
my god those are heads
that's bad heads look at the teeth and
shit yes oh Jesus what was I just
talking about I got thrown off by that
bat see pythons oh yeah so you can't buy
Python skin products anymore but yet
they're trying to kill all the pythons
in the Everglades
like it's actually a resource like if
you let people buy Python skin in
California you would actually be
contributing to getting rid of the
pythons that are filling the the hold
Everglades as a giant problem in that
these pythons these wacky people in
Florida got and then released
they've become breeders and they were
introduced into this environment it
doesn't have any defense mechanisms for
them there's nothing that knows what a
Python is they didn't evolve to get away
from pythons or deal with pythons so
because that everything's getting wiped
out everything like they're down to like
no raccoons
they have no bunnies anymore all the
deer missing they're starting to eat
alligators they've caught a bunch of
them like huge pythons with alligators
inside they're eating alligators bro
they're the top of the food chain when
it comes to Florida and they're not even
from there so they're eating everything
and they're huge they're huge predatory
serpents and so people are catching them
they're catching these 20 foot long ones
just just hanging out in the Everglades
with a 20 foot long murderous Python
from another continent
but you can't even buy like if you're if
you wanted to buy a Python jacket you
can't buy that you piece of shit
what do you want to use Python skin
that's exotic you asshole but that's
getting rid of the pythons if you buy it
yeah and and also their murderous little
heartless reptiles you it's okay to have
sheepskin but it's not okay to have
Python that's bananas that doesn't make
any sense like it's okay to eat me it's
okay to wear leather cow seems super
peaceful snakes will eat your baby leave
your baby in a field with a Python you
come back you get a fat python and no
baby they just eat things they'll eat
your baby they don't give a fuck they
don't say well I'll go to deal with
people me and people have a pact I'm not
gonna eat them at all they make Cobra
condoms I think they're thick I don't
think you want that on your dough it's
true yeah
I don't even understand their digestive
system like what what happens there
I mean it's all the same it's all just a
tube yeah where's the heart I'm their
florida website about removing pythons
there's three ways to do it they tell
you okay
using a captive bolt gun a bolt a
firearm or decapitation oh Jesus a
firearm bunch of fucking yee-haws out
there in the swamps listen in the
Leonard Skinner's music and shooting
shotguns that actually sounds like fun
that sounds like a new reality show oh
god is that sound like yeah lizard king
snake to go out there shoot some snakes
yeah they need a fucking a snake master
a snake show that's it for sure that
most humane way is immediate loss of
consciousness and destruction of the
brain how humane late I'm trying to kill
snakes trying to kill them the best way
I can you can do it anytime you want on
private lands it says with landowner
permission what's interesting is I think
if given enough time they're gonna kill
everything and then they're gonna run
out of food and they're gonna die off or
they're gonna start invading the way in
the cities they kill kids all the time
like when people leave a Python in a
room with their baby those Horst
I've read a bunch of those the Python
drops down and kills a baby I've heard
it even like Python comes from a
neighboring apartment drops down through
the ceiling and killed a kid
bro-bro imagine you're getting wrapped
up by a Python and you see the face
coming over your head and you realize
what's going on let's clamp it out in
your head and it detaches its jaw and
it's spreading around you're like oh my
god
you can't move your arms you think your
shoulders broken you're getting squeezed
as it's doing this and it's got its
mouth on your fucking head it's slowly
starting to take you into its body I get
scared of animals that like aren't even
threatening like I get scared of like
squirrels and whatnot if they look at me
the wrong way they're right next to you
in a tree and they put some of those
things pretend like because I live right
next to a really awesome Park and I run
through there almost every day and some
of these squirrels they're like people
squirrels I guess they must get fed a
lot or something from humans walking by
and they will pretend like they're going
to like they will just get right up in
your face
aggressive squirrel I got scared at my
chair in my hallway the other day I
thought this is so stupid but I was
coming out of the bathroom was the end
of the night and my chair that I have
this one extra chair that sort of like
moves around the living anyway it ended
up at across the end of the hallway and
it was just sort of hanging out and for
some reason it sort of looked like there
was like a crazy person like there was a
person yes yes super scared like like
the type of scared because I thought it
was a person leaning back smiling and
immediately my brain registered that as
if there's someone leaning back smiling
in your living room
you're completely fucked you've got real
issues right like my and so my heart
literally like felt like it was like I'm
like fuck here is the next seven minutes
did you just watch the Joker no I
thought some crazy person was in your
house no I did not just watch the Joker
but I did watch though you're scared of
squirrels as well you were saying yeah I
mean they can be freaky they can they
can they can act a fool yeah
you know what it is I think I think a
lot of people feed squirrels yeah
there's a park in North Hollywood I
remember going there once and watching
his old dude on his back and he would
just lay on his back and pick up peanuts
and hold them and the squirrels would
come over and put their hands on his
hand and then take the peanut and run
away with it they did it all the time
and they wouldn't even go that far
they'd go a few feet from him and and
just start eating their peanut and then
other squirrels would come by and they
apparently had some sort of a they've
been doing it so often people know they
could just as long as you're not making
much movement you look safe and hold it
out there they'll come get it from you
but did you see the video of the fucking
monkey riding a motorcycle yes that
pulls up and tries to steal a baby
unbelievable if you haven't seen this
this is the most 20/20 video you will
ever see it is 20/20 in caps lately this
is that fucking mad the world's gone
here's a monkey on a motorcycle that go
zipping up the street bales off the
motorcycle and tries to steal a baby my
favorite part of it is I I watched it
like 20 times in a row and I loved how
the guy taking the video from his top
story apartment like is laughing it
starts and you don't see the monkey and
then he sees the monkey on the
motorcycle and he starts laughing and
he's laughing more as it gets closer and
he even laughs one more beat when the
monkey grabs the kid cuz he's like ha ha
you know like he's like goes watch
here's the monkey on the motorcycle
bails and grabs the kid throws the kid
to the ground it's a little baby and
starts dragon only tries to steal him
and then he wants to eat the baby yeah
it's like a horror movie at that part
dude and that guy runs out chasing after
the monkey monkeys will kill you and eat
you that's a fact if you're a baby in
particular monkey kills 12 day old baby
after snatching it from his
breastfeeding mother and family home bro
where is that at
where'd that take place just popped up I
was looking fit oh my god what does it
say there
in India Agra yeah oh my god
the latest warning sign that primates
are being forced into cities a search
for food
amid environmental destruction this is
November of 2018 no no no no I'm saying
imagine what they're like now I was
gonna say because did you see that thing
about what's going on in Thailand where
there was nobody in the street so there
was just like hordes of monkeys rather
through the street that are starving
that are used to tourists feeding them
so they're just hordes of monkeys
running through like where the fuck is
everybody where's all the food bro it's
crazy watch this it's so weird it's so
weird and then on top of that rats in
New York City rats in New York City
there's no restaurants open anymore
right so the restaurants are not
dropping off the normal amount of
garbage and these rats are accustomed to
it their whole ecosystem is dependent
upon it look at this starving monkey
gangs battle in Thailand as coronavirus
keeps Teresa way look at that look at
that fucking picture oh fuck the streets
are filled with monkeys dude if you're a
little kid and you go wandering into
that I guarantee you they will kill you
and eat you guarantee you you're a
four-year-old kid you go stumble into
that you're dead they'll tear you apart
you know they don't have rules such a
strange animal like they're smart and
they're sneaky like look at this video
oh no social distancing whistle ever
this is rats those are like rat yeah
they're so dangerous
like did they're not they don't give a
fuck about you and they look mean some
of them have mean faces because they've
been used to other monkeys being mean to
them and everything trying to eat them
and kill them
look at that fucking big tear this one
apart oh my god see this is the thing
about rats now rats are cannibalizing
each other for sure they're gonna kill
babies and eat babies these these little
crazy monkeys own people are feeding
them good better keep feeding them
better feed them poison to many of them
see how many monkeys that was yeah so
rats in New York apparently are
cannibalizing each other they're
invading other rat territories taking
over and just fighting there's no
fucking food for
right so we'll know when the next
disease happens how it was made from
rats eating each other in New York City
imagine if that becomes the big Will
Smith movie plot line like this is how I
am Legend - begins the rats eat the
other rats and they get some sort of mad
rat disease because that's where mad cow
disease came from it came from cows
eating cows cows being fed cows rats eat
a bunch of rat brains they evolved fuck
[Laughter]
in all honesty I think we got a little
too high before the show probably Wow
cuz we went down all the rabbit holes
you go down when you're high yeah do you
know anybody other than Michael yo who
caught coronavirus no now when it makes
me mad cuz like a it just doesn't feel
that real to me
it seems like as many people as I know I
should know more and I'm asking people
that I know if they know anybody and
they don't know anybody I know a few
people you do yeah I know I know three
four five six seven seven yea Sturgill
go that's seven I know I know a bunch of
people that got it
eight I know eight I know eight people
that got it do they know how they got it
just from hanging out or traveling
Michael yo got it from New York he went
in flew down after did my podcast did
Gotham and was I believe he was sick
he's gonna tell us next week I believe
he was sick and then he caught Corona
pretty sure and worn out cuz he was
flying probably not much sleep that's
the weird thing to me is cuz I traveled
so much December January and February
pretty much continuously almost every
single weekend and then obviously back
to LA nothing's that that short of a
flight except for Vancouver at the end
of January and like
you know there's a lot of I have Chinese
friends there was obviously Chinese
people on the plane I helped one lady
that was that seemed sick it was like my
good deed that I was doing I was like
being a nice guy she was sitting right
next to me and she was sniffling and
coughing and I got on the Wi-Fi on my
phone and she basically signaled to me
like she pointed at the Wi-Fi signal at
the top of my phone was like pointing at
her phone and I'm like alright I'll
figure it out but it wasn't an iPhone so
I had a lot of trouble and I was
touching it more than I wanted to and
then I couldn't get on her Wi-Fi and
then she pulled out an iPad that wasn't
an actual iPad it was another like
whatever Motorola brand or whatever you
know and I'm there I am touching that
I'm like fuck this is not and she said
yeah and it was stupid of me and again
this is like before Corona was
mainstream news in January or whatever
but like I'm like god damn it I just
wanted to help this lady real quick no
it's taken forever and it wasn't even
able to get her on the Wi-Fi but I
thought to myself when this all came out
I'm like I probably had it then and just
blew through it cuz I don't really ever
get the flu or get sick my body just
like gets rid of everything in like a
few hours normally from all just us
study shows that the more pasta you eat
that better your body fights diseases
and but then I found out from the test
today that I've never had it yeah I
thought I had it well everybody thinks
they had it everybody has this thing oh
yeah I remember that time here's the
thing all those other colds are still
around folks this is one thing that
people have to really pay attention to
like I almost hope they don't pay
attention to it
I hope this there's some sort of a cure
and everybody relaxes their their grip
on fear because if they really start
paying attention to all the things that
are killing all the people all the time
it's a mess out there it's a mess and
the big ones cigarettes that's the big
one I was reading some today cigarettes
might actually kill coronavirus all
right prop
ganda reefer madness I smell a rat I
smell a rat
cigarettes my cigarettes might actually
cure chrome over nicotine but there was
a whole thing there was any of the
people that smoke cigarettes and people
that a vape might be more vulnerable
remember that I ignored those ones cuz I
faked so I do I only read the pro of
vaping ones but know it there are few
studies and I read one very early on in
this that say nicotine is of assistance
they're not pro smoking or pro vaping
but they are saying nicotine itself look
yeah chew right - is chew that stuff
gets you high as fuck yeah it does that
was my first buzz ever in my life and
I'll never forget it I fell on my butt
at a 90-degree angle my legs stayed
locked up and my back was straight I
lacked the the the knowledge of how to
keep your dip in one place I'm not good
at packing it and keep it in one place
it moves around my mouth and I went up
swallowing a lot of it I was a
recognized like where's he spitting and
then you just realized at the same time
like oh I swallowed it I swallowed like
the actual tobacco yeah I took a big big
fucking plug of dip did it feel like you
were gonna throw up after that no
unfortunately Wow yeah was nothing it's
no big deal I mean maybe I had like a
little feels weird but it's just plant
matter my body just digested it plant
matter it's one way but now though I
think a lot of people would probably
throw up that was wonderful is gonna get
extra high yeah cuz that's the thing
about I remember the first time I ever
smoked cigar I was like oh you get high
from this hmm you guys are just on a
different high like you're on a highway
you could definitely drive you
definitely talk normal
yeah but it's like um it's pleasurable
like the tobacco Pollock pipe smoking or
cigar smoking high
it's very pleasurable fuck yeah it is I
mean there's cigarettes my favorite
thing I've ever done in my life it's
been two years since I had one but
I can say without any hesitation it is
my favorite thing if I ever find out I
have a month or two to live I'm fucking
oh oh
smoke continuously I won't even breathe
normal air
I remember when Patrick Swayze was dying
of pancreatic cancer hell yeah and he
kept smoking and people like Wow oh
there's almost like they were mad at him
like why would you do that when you're
dying to cancer yeah well why wouldn't
you do it when you're dying to cancer
that's the time we should smoke Danny
smoked up until the time you got cancer
but now that you got cancer smoke em if
you gottem pat back yeah man coffee and
a cigarette
how many cigars Michael Jordan smoking
during that last dance I threw out the
height of the 90s in his career all the
time constantly I know you're not a big
blast okay but have you been watching
that at all no it's amazing though yeah
that's one where I literally thought of
you during this last one and I'm like I
know Joe isn't watching this because of
basketball but you would fucking love it
because especially this last one their
coach Phil Jackson and his brain and the
way he can motivate people I mean it is
fucking shocking I'm never out of
everything I've ever watched have I
paused something and just thought about
it for a few minutes and then hit play
again and rewind again I'm a documentary
it's insane well he's a super winner
you know yep those are always really
interesting like anyone who's that
driven to be such a winner like you
stand out amongst winners as being so
exceptional that everybody like who's
the goat Michael Jordan is always the
first pick right there's the the there's
wonder like how would LeBron how would
the Howard this that but everybody
always says Michael Jordan like to be
that much of a super winner you think
about all the people that are playing
basketball all the people that around
him they're world-class athletes
professional athletes and he stands out
amongst them
he's so wildly competitive that he will
beat you in your own game he will ask
you what you're playing yeah if you were
playing with something you go what is
that and he will immediately start and
and his only goal is to beat you at what
you love and what you think York
whatever it is so it just happens to be
the basketball is the one that yeah he
chose but also then he got that way with
shoes with like he's like alright well
if I'm gonna sign a fucking shoe deal
then I'm gonna do this the right way
doesn't even do that with golf - he's
not really into gambling with golf
everything yeah he they were throwing
they throw coins against a wall and he's
gambling with the security guards and he
can't wait to take their money he can't
he cannot wait he's talking shit to
these guys that are protecting him so
creating a game where you throw tried to
get the closest of the wall with a
quarter he used to have a celebrity pool
tournament in Chicago Wow yeah he had a
pool tournament that he did all the time
like a charity pool tournament and I
heard if you beat him it pool he hates
you yeah
that sounds about right everything that
I'm gathering from this documentary is
that if you're a super soup I mean no I
mean not just a regular winner but a
just a super winner
he's so off the charts as far as like to
be that kind of an achiever you have to
have a madness about you that's probably
intolerable for most people yeah just a
desire to win conquer in other days man
those were gladiators in other days
those were generals you know there's a
lot of people to get into pro sports
that it is it's really in a lot of ways
it's it it moves them away from war in
the best way that we know how possible
but if we didn't have those if there was
no sports and people just conquered each
other those would be the kings of the
world the football players that Thor guy
just dead lifted the world record the
Game of Thrones guy yeah do you see that
show yeah
dead lifted one thousand one hundred and
something pounds
barefoot looking barely like the same
thing as you and I right like what is
that that's a person that's a person -
okay what crazy
so Bobby Lee's a person and that summer
guy's a person to do the same thing the
same thing Wow how the fuck
it's unbelievable did you watch the
video of him lifting it oh the video
Tyson - yeah that's crazy
Tyson apparently has decided that he
wants to box in some charity boxing
matches so he put up some video of him
hitting the pads oh my god please tell
me where Vander Holyfield didn't say
anything he wants to fight yeah oh my
god are you ready the moment you've all
been waiting for the champ is back I'd
like to announce I'll be making a
comeback
to the ring I'm training to promote a
charity that's very close to me our
unite for our fight campaign aims to
fill the void the pandemic has created
on access to resources our youth needs
for emotional development and education
you imagine if Mike Tyson and Evander
Holyfield have a third fight when
they're in their 50s Wow even if it's
for charity it might be that's what it's
sounding like holy shit you're right
that is exactly what it sounding like
look at the size of his traps how
ridiculous are those they go right to
his shoulders go that one go to that
picture again his traps are ridiculous
just look at that those traps they just
go straight to his shoulder Evander
Holyfield was the first guy in modern
boxing who employed like a really
rigorous weightlifting regime that
allowed him to successfully go up well
Michael Spinks did it too when he beat
Larry Holmes but then he got destroyed
by Tyson I mean he was really a light
heavyweight that used his movement to
outbox Larry Holmes when Barry Holmes
was like sort of getting close to the
twilight of his career but that wasn't
the case with Evander like Evander like
became a heavyweight
he was the cruiserweight champ and you
know he was like a slim guy when he
fought Dwight Muhammad Cowie and then
when he went to be a heavyweight he feel
he thickened up man he be bulked up like
purposely bulked up had some amazing
strength and conditioning videos they
showed of all the different shit that he
was doing Gregg preparing like the way
the guy worked out was insane
up in the Jordan documentary - he was
like maybe 200 pounds for the first
couple years of his career and then
bulked up to 215 solid muscle yeah I
heard he was after playing the Pistons
there was his trainer he said would go
back after every game and count the
number of steps he took with each foot
in the direction he was taking so he
would know how tired he should be he
should be doing four so he had left foot
right foot left foot is back right foots
fortune he would play today he played it
all all 82 games he was rarely ever hurt
because he knew that people were coming
which was true to see him play and if he
didn't give them that performance he
felt like he was cheating everyone and
every time he would play anyone for the
first time he needed to show like he
could never ever let anyone ever make
them feel like they got one over on him
so not only each game for the audience
that are seeing him for the first time
in which he needs to dominate but
especially towards his opponent who
literally thinks that maybe maybe today
will be my lucky day you know I'm going
up against Jordan this is you know it's
the middle of the season he'll probably
he's not gonna he puts up 60 points or
whatever in your face like embarrasses
you you fall on the ground he crosses
you over he does everything that you
know you get embarrassed he would try to
make a fool out of these people I
remember the first time I saw a photo of
him it looked like he had left from
center court flying through the air to
dunk and I'm like who how does a human
even do that yeah how does a 200 plus
pound him in' fly through the air like
that and in you know even towards the
end of his career they just showed one
where it's the all-star game so he got
to go up against Kobe Bryant for the
first time because they're in two
different conferences that don't
normally play in Kobe's this 18 year old
that just you know went straight from
high school to the NBA completely
dominating his side of things going up
against Jordan for the first time ever
and everybody on Kobe's side is saying
you know Kobe asked us to let him have
Gordon and Jordans on his side they have
actual footage that's what's crazy about
this documentary is that somehow this
fucking camera crew Jordan let them come
along in the ride in this green room for
all this crazy exclusive content and
he's saying to the guys he goes you guys
all know this is in the green room but
the locker room before you guys you guys
all know this kids coming after me right
like he's gonna want me so let me have
him bah bah bah bah because he wants to
show the kid and sure enough even though
Kobe's 18 and peak peak peak physical
condition
Jordan wins the MVP of that all-star
game crushing it against a young Kobe
Bryant how crazy was he he decided in
the middle of all that I'm just come
play baseball yeah I'm just gonna be the
best of base there comes up he get
theirs they go deep until which is
interesting how the media and a not a
social media time period was fuckin
hammering him because they built him up
to be this young guy out of North
Carolina Olympic superstar killing
literally scored more points in
anybody's ever scored as a rookie in the
NBA all this attention and now he's the
man and they started like beating him
down with some of the gambling stuff he
was doing it got out leaked out and then
just added attention he's like you know
what fuck this I'm gonna quit I'm out
you see it Wow because of all the
negative attention they said - Tang
makes sense well that's what happens
when you become that guy there's so much
interest like to to be that guy first of
all you have to have a fire burning
inside you look most people will never
be able to comprehend and it kind of
like that's gonna be into other kinds of
wild shit - like gambling he's gonna
want to have thrills you know it's gonna
drive fast cars he's a wild man a wild
man at the peak of like one of the mean
if you think about professional
basketball you watch an NBA game and all
the thought that's involved in which way
you're going and the ability to explode
and then the ability to in the middle of
all that land a precision shot into a
hole there's really not another sport
like that
I mean baseball is you're trying to hit
something that's coming at you like
crazy or swinging as fast as you can and
there's a lot of skill to that as well
obviously and there's a lot of skill to
pitching
but there's something unique about
basketball and that in all this chaos
you gotta find stillness in all this
chaos you got to find the ability to
stop and throw a perfect shot off so
it's not just incredible physical
ability its incredible physical ability
and then touch yeah it's real weird yeah
it's a very interesting sport in that
way it requires you to have your shit
together yeah like to execute that shot
you have to have your shit together and
you have to have mad practice like one
of the things that I used to love about
growing up in Boston was Larry Bird
stories like Larry Bird was apparently
just an insanely disciplined
professional basketball player he would
get there and practice before everybody
stay after everybody practices things
left and right and when they would have
those three-point competitions we would
have those all-star three-point
competitions in the locker room he just
which one he guys coming in second
that's the day just walk in but it was
just because he first of all he could
execute under pressure and - he was just
better he could do things better than
most people and even he said sometimes
he thought it was God pretended to be
Michael Jordan Jordan was every single
legend is completely they have such good
interviews with one with everybody
imagine they have such great stories
it's crazy how you know I've always said
a documentary has the potential to
destroy to be better than any other type
of story whether it be a movie or a book
because if it's unbeliev the fucking
amazing and it's real you can't beat it
and that's what the last dance is doing
it's crazy I don't know if you have a
VPN or not but you can reset on Netflix
it's on around the world so you can
watch it yeah if you breathe if you set
your location you can watch it yes is
one of my sponsors yep they showed it so
yeah bars - so where are you getting it
from I just I go to my expressvpn and I
set my location for somewhere else what
is it for
usually I don't know Germany or
Switzerland or whatever you just openly
say that in the internet yeah yeah and
then I go on Netflix and no commercials
just binge it it's well they have it on
Netflix here yes Netflix Co it's
literally such a great documentary that
they had to work at their own like
first-ever super deal
ESPN and Netflix does ESPN Plus have it
on their their app Oh done yet I heard
they're still editing the final it's
interesting because like do you want to
be that guy first of all you probably
can't but second of all even if you
could do you want to be that guy do you
want to be so driven and obsessed
maniacal in it I don't know it's a good
question I think he's pretty happy oh
he's pretty fucking amazing don't get me
wrong but I'm saying like the first of
all you wouldn't be that guy like it's a
special fire that burns in that guy yeah
most people just do not have you don't
have it right but would you trade it
would you trade would you want to be the
obsessed winner was it too much
pressures too weird to want to be that
person who just wins wins wins wins just
dunking on people the fucking his logo
is him flying through the air ready to
dunk on people there's a lot of times he
was doing things specifically to shit on
the general manager that was like and
control the team like bringing a new
player Mike I'll watch what we're about
to do to this fucking yeah you think
that you they shit on him all the
bullying they said this little guy Jerry
Krause and they were really fucking
bully him and that's coming from me and
I'm the way that he insults this gianna
is ruthless man it is not it's not even
funny
but don't that's what if you want to
make money off that guy that's what you
want you want a guy who is not is not
rational about it he's just insane but
then they can okay then you get a guy
like Wayne Gretzky was like arguably one
of the best hockey players of all time
yet almost universally treated as like a
really
nice guy you know he's Canadian oh
that's what it is we don't count those
kind in the nice department did you see
that Canada banned assault weapons they
banned all salt weapons there's like a
two-year grace period you got like two
years and you got to turn in your ar-15
that is not making the the gun people
here happy very very upset and people
are pointing something out to these
really connait a video of a Canadian
sheriff discussing it and he said out of
all the shootings that I've ever been a
part of where there's illegal activity
like that and horrible crimes that are
being committed he goes it's never with
the licensed gun over the these aren't
licensed gun owners these people that
got these guns they're gonna get these
guns illegally anyway just because
they're not legal doesn't mean they're
not they're gonna do an illegal thing
they don't need a legal gun to do an
illegal thing and if you think that
something all you gonna do is make it
more difficult and more money for the
gun runner's it's gonna for sure it's
gonna be something where it's more risky
for them but it's also going to be more
profitable it's gonna be hard to get a
gun over there but people are still
gonna do it they bring coke in from
South America they're gonna bring guns
into Canada it's gonna happen but only
the criminals are gonna happen now yeah
getting an illegal assault weapon is the
nicest thing anybody getting an assault
weapons doing yes
exactly perfectly put that's exactly
what it is it's just I wish there was a
world where we didn't need guns I wish
for sure
but that's not this world doesn't mean
you don't love people this means like
you gotta look at things practically you
can't look at things the way you want
them to be you got to look at things the
way they are the way they are is there's
more guns and there are people and to
say you can't have a gun anymore it's
like okay well who gets to have a gun
and who's gonna take the guns away and
what are we gonna do about the
Constitution and why when can we vote on
this or should this be a part of the
Bill of Rights where this is how we are
and this is how this country was
established the things we agree on we
don't want to vote on whether or not we
have free speech we need free speech
should we vote on whether or not we have
the Second Amendment some people say no
some people say what we're dealing with
is immense
a health problem we're not dealing with
a gun problem the gun problem is that
the mentally ill people get the guns
it's not a gun problem and there's a lot
of people that want to have guns to
protect themselves from mentally ill
people that are violent and it's also
the news again there's a lot of this
goes back to news for me mm-hmm and them
glorifying these people this is what
they say you know what I mean they know
they're gonna get the coverage they know
that their name is gonna get out there
you know it's not it's not acceptable if
we didn't do that then they wouldn't do
that much more to me than the guns if we
take away the guns if we have the guns
like if we cover it differently things
will be different without a doubt it's
true but people want to know what the
name of the guy who shot up the school
is they don't get so now they broadcast
that people find it online I don't think
they should why why would that be
necessary I don't know man I think it's
just one of those things about human
nature like if there was a video of Tom
Cruise falling off the back of a plane
you would watch it if he fell to his
death you'd watch that video
wouldn't you well yeah yeah yeah if it
leaks yeah I think it's kind of along
the same lines does that make sense yeah
but I think that I think that the
government could help with that if
they're going to before I think before
restricting guns I think they could step
in and and then maybe run it by some
psychiatrists and scientists and whatnot
and see what they think about the media
part of a crime because again I mean
like these people want to be legends
they want to be mmm it certainly has an
effect it's certainly other than the
fact you know I watched this this Hitler
documentary and they talked about how
Ava Braun this applies to what we're
talking about if I mentioned Eva Braun
didn't have to go to the bunker to die
with Hitler and this person said that
she did it because she knew that by
doing that against Hitler's wishes that
she would inevitably die with Hitler and
therefore because she was kept behind
the scenes and on the backburner so
much become a bigger part of history so
she could have decided to live a normal
life maybe get prosecuted later or
whatever but sort of live or go to
prison or whatever or go to the bunker
and die with Hitler and be part of
history forever and be represented as
the woman that was with Hitler have you
ever paid attention to all of the
information that's out there about how
many Nazis fled Germany and went to
South America yeah dude Tim Kennedy used
to have a show called was it finding
Hitler I've seen it I've watched it they
were operating under this premise the
premise was Hitler never died in Germany
he was snuck out of the country and
submarine to some shit they brought him
to South America well you know that
there's no real evidence that that's
true but what there is evidence is a lot
of fucking people that live in South
America used to be Nazis including like
Kennedy had he was on the show and he
was talking about finding these people
going into their homes and they have
pictures of Nazi soldiers like lovingly
framed on their wall like this is
grandpa back in fucking Buchan hall or
wherever those places are yeah ouch wits
was it what is the Buchenwald that it is
that I say it which one who can weld who
can felled Buchan everybody always
remembers Auschwitz yeah but I mean
imagine going into someone's house and
you see a Nazi guard on the wall with an
SS on his sleeve and you're like holy
shit
this is a Nazi officer and this is your
grandpa and then you realize like oh my
god these this community I mean they
have Oktoberfest there or they're all
German and they're all drinking beer and
wearing lederhosen and shit it's wild
how many times Germany almost won that
like the few different little tweaks of
decisions and they win that war well
here being led by a madman yeah I mean
he was they were he was doing things
that they didn't expect one of the
things that I had read about Russia was
one they had invaded Russia they knew
that they were coming but they estimated
was gonna take a certain amount of time
but they didn't think they were gonna
March 24 hours
right they were not gonna sleep they
didn't take any rest just to speed so
they got there earlier than anybody
expected yeah and also while going
through France they went through they
went through the forest instead of the
plains they were waiting for them on
both sides of the openings and they just
fucking took their tanks and went right
through just found a way to trudge
through the forest and trees build their
own path and they snuck up behind both
of the other sides of their other armies
God it was wild you imagine the horror
of experiencing that during World War
two where you were getting your
newspapers that's all you're getting for
information right back then World War
two Mindy how much stuff was on
television very few things on television
right at radio though good radio so you
get you'd get your radio reports did
from the front lines and Nazi Germany
and you would get that kind of stuff and
that that's how your your vision of the
world would be and you imagine if you're
over there and you see them coming
through the forest with tanks you know
like holy shit they're real they come
and the same thing then was that the
news was bullshit you know what I mean
they're feeding their people what they a
wanna hear and be will come back to hear
more of and see make them feel good
about what's happening one of the things
that I saw was a commercial and well not
really it's like a report but it was
also a commercial basically for their
military for the German military it's
two German soldiers in a bunker talking
and they go I can't wait to get back to
my wife yeah I know I'm gonna get back
to my wife there speaking German but
it's being translated in the end the guy
goes yeah you know what to be honest
with you I think the Russians are more
scared of us than ever and they're more
scared of us than we are of them that's
for sure and that was released like the
week or two before the end when the
Russians are literally in Berlin like
they're coming in a full of hunds of
tanks and all of this
No all of this war material they're
about to hit the center of Germany and
they're still Germany's playing that on
their radios and on their TVs or
whatever
Everett that's what's out there is
literally I think the Russians are more
afraid of us than we are of them
meanwhile Germany was done they were
crippled they at that point they have
their Hitler Youth is their last stand
in the city
children children firing weapons for the
first time bazookas little kids firing
fucking bazookas into the street against
some Russian tank by a professional
Russian tank soldier
blowing everything up what's really
crazy that wasn't that long ago right
wasn't even a hundred years ago yeah
there's people that survived that that
are alive right now there's one guy he
survived World War two and he survived
kovat hikes then I'll make people like
that anymore that's I mean when people
think about war today they only think
about things that are happening
somewhere else that are very small-scale
like the war in Iraq a war in
Afghanistan that's our perspective for
most people's lives most people don't
remember Vietnam they definitely
probably most people don't really
remember the experience of having
someone fight in World War two that you
loved some people maybe remember Korea
but our experience of war was is almost
unless you're a soldier who's served
overseas our experience is almost like
abstract right like we know what happens
but it's just one of those things it's
over there sort of like pandemics if you
know what happens but it's just it's
rare we don't have to worry about it
right now but now we do that's how I
feel about war like if it breaks out if
Brett if war breaks out with China and
also there's like legitimate attacks on
cities and they're like holy shit like
we didn't think this was real we didn't
think that this was a real possibility
but all this time
maybe that's why when people like Obama
get in office and they have a different
perspective on the campaign trail than
they do once they actually get in office
maybe they're presented with how many
moving pieces are on the table and how
all this can go wrong
time and how this nation is trying to do
this to this nation this nation that's
nukes and this thing and they're trying
to get to us and this is how they're
doing it and then we found that they're
listening to all our bathrooms and
they've got devices here we found a new
spy and like fuck man yeah dude
war is a crazy thing I remember how bad
everybody a lot of people were excited
to go to war after 9/11 you know and
they built that storyline around it and
everything well we were all so excited
in in some ways because we just got
through Operation Desert Storm that was
a big hit for you know if that was if we
were a band that was our stairway to
heaven right right fucking giant hit you
know I mean we lost one one scud missile
hit one barracks and killed a bunch of
people but that's it most of it was just
a decimation right a destruction by the
American troops so I think in some ways
we might have had our in our head this
is something we're gonna do like we did
in Desert Storm just wipe them out real
quick and that'll be over but fuck here
we are the longest war ever in the
history of the country and we don't get
out we're still in it and there's
arguments that we should stay in it and
some of them are good arguments you know
like fuck like is that what the world
we're dealing with is like we were
talking about before where that with
when it comes to people there's so many
things that's not there's not one real
clear answer of what you do that's gonna
determine the best future for everybody
and you could listen to these experts
tell you that you listen to an expert
tells you we don't want to be the
policemen of the world we need to get
out of everywhere now and concentrate on
our own domestic issues and just use
policy and diplomacy to deal with the
rest of the world and then there's other
people that say they will blow us the
fuck up we have to monitor them we have
to keep an eye on them there's a real
hatred of the universe Tull maybe some
of it earned some of the shit we did in
the past maybe there's some shady shit
that's going on you don't know about but
the bottom line is we're gonna need to
keep these bases we need to keep this
military presence and we don't want to
go to war but trust us like fuck yeah
wild it Sweden's been able to
avoid all this the whole time a bunch of
wouldn't started out is what basically
Vikings right right Iceland - right
they're not invading anybody anymore
they're neutral they stayed and they
were a they were able to avoid World War
two they just figured out how to do
strongman contests and appease those
fucking guerrillas get it out of your
system lift some weights so many of the
strong men come from Iceland you know
that yeah there was a vice documentary
on it
they showed all these gigantic dudes
they were all Mike oh look Vikings
Giants imagine that giant with a battle
axe storming through your fucking
neighborhood that's where the
NordicTrack came from right remember
that thing is one thing yeah I think so
you do cross-country nobody ever used
those right at all of the exercise
equipment that nobody ever used that was
number one was that the Chuck Norris one
I think it was no Chuck Norris one was
the total body system remember that one
where's cables and he's going it pulls
him down his body goes up and goes down
up was that call it was it called total
body system it was him and Christie
Brinkley right I think it's a total body
Jim I think one of them things total
body something him and Christie Brinkley
hanging on still sexy at an elevated age
so that was the the that was like the
hook I caught it be like that they still
got it
Christie still got it Chuck Norris still
got it wasn't it Christie Brinkley my
imagine that deep into the history of
the NordicTrack right now they used to
be a start off called the Nordic jock
which is
I was trying to see where that was
insulting this is gross
the Nordic jock yeah
Total Gym I don't know and then it gets
all these companies have made similar
things with but the one with Chuck
Norris and hmm I think a preacher was
Chuck Norris and Christie Brinkley just
two hotties hanging on oh yeah she's
hung on better than anybody right if you
have to give the crown to yeah there it
is
Chuck Norris looking good Olivia
newton-john was in it too oh there she
and Christie Brinkley they got everybody
all these hotties that are hanging onto
it that's what they got and back then
she probably was only like 40 that's it
she is there for 14 years hell yeah she
did
and it works look at her but like at all
the people that are hanging in there
no one's hanging in there as good as
Christie Brinkley I think she's 65 yeah
how about JLo 50 there's a great meme
that shows JLo what 66 Christie Brinkley
Wow when we were kids
66 was a dead person I'm dying you're
gonna die any moment now you're not
supposed to be hot how you pulling hot
off how do they do it there's a picture
of JLo look at that what at 65 that's
her on a boat at 65 Jesus fuckin
Louise's wow that's crazy like she's in
the Sun alright she's not in some crazy
studio somewhere that's me sitting next
to her you can't tell them that picture
but her body's amazing I guess it's one
of those things if you just refuse if
you just Michael Jordan the fuck out of
your looks yeah with just regular gym
and eating right and just hang in there
like Tom Cruise on the side of that
airplane yeah hang in there
look see do do you think you're gonna
hang in there like that probably not I
mean I made a pasta and tobacco's
probably not think squirrels are gonna
kill me I see some about here 65 says 85
year old but how's that even possible
oh my that's insanity she's got a
perfect body at 16 I'm like that she's
not hiding there's nowhere to hide
that's not her in a dress and if you saw
her naked she'd be disgusting no she
looks amazing
it's beautiful aged beef and that's
probably what inspired Adele get her
fucking shit together that's 65 year old
ladies out there looking hot why can't I
do it again you can just stop rolling in
the deep dish and on that note let's
wrap this up Tony Hicks live always a
pleasure my brother thank you sir great
to be here great to be out and about to
have you kill Tony still streaming yep
Mondays YouTube yep you're just doing a
modified version of it yeah it's a
mellow modern version of it I'm also
also starting a roast doing a roast
school I made a fake master class video
yeah and I got I got hit up by the my
bookie people who wanted to make it a
real thing so I'm doing a real roast
master class on I think that's gonna be
on my patreon coming soon so it actually
sounds like a great tool for people that
like are tired of being picked on yeah
I can teach I'm gonna show people I mean
it's you know it's a goof I'm taking
myself way too seriously in it I've
already shot one and I am I'm showing
them how I go through the process like
I'm going to like it I'm gonna have you
know I'm gonna first I'm reviewing other
roasts that I've done and I'm hitting
pause and I'm showing them like how I
came up with that and how to kill your
babies and write new stuff right before
and this and that and how to change
things based on what people are wearing
or then explain kill your babies like
when you have bits you don't lose yeah
people like what yeah advocates killing
baby exactly there's a whole bunch of
terms and everything that's a great term
yeah yeah and also I'm showing people
how to put on their own roasts with like
their family or coworkers and how to
book
how to get help writing and how to set
it up and oh that's amazing yeah
and so when will that be available
that's going that actually starts next
week
really patreon.com slash Hinchcliffe
okay so and can is all that linked on
your Instagram or your Twitter it's
about to be I have all this stuff I just
haven't released a dot and everything is
Toni Hinchliffe right BAM Twitter all
that stuff yeah alright thank you my
brother you always won thank you bye
everybody
[Music]